The spark has been lit here in Iraq, and its heat will continue to intensify ­ by Allah's permission ­ until it burns the crusader armies in Dbiq.
- Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw 
04 FOREWORD 06 THE ALLIES OF AL-Q'IDAH IN SHM: PART 4 10 THE EVIL OF DIVISION AND TAQLD 16 THE "MAHD" OF THE RFIDAH: THE DAJJL 18 WAL' AND BAR' VERSUS AMERICAN RACISM 22 THE DANGER OF ABANDONING DRUL-ISLM 24 FROM THE PAGES OF HISTORY 28 ISLAMIC STATE REPORTS 36 HIKMAH 38 AMONG THE BELIEVERS ARE MEN 40 TO OUR SISTERS: A JIHD WITHOUT FIGHTING 46 FROM THE BATTLE OF AL-AHZB TO THE WAR OF COALITIONS 56 IN THE WORDS OF THE ENEMY 60 INTERVIEW WITH ABUL-MUGHRAH AL-QAHTN
2 CONTENTS

dabiq 3

I

The Taliban walk hand-in-hand with the tawght
FOREWORD
In the name of Allah. All praise is due to Allah. May blessings and peace be upon the Messenger of Allah, and upon his family, companions, and followers. As for what proceeds: The most shaming event of 1436 ­ and only Allah knows best ­ will be recorded in history as one without precedence, except in the records of hoaxes and legends. Searching through these chronicles, one finds the closest precedent to be the myth of "Pope Joan," a woman who supposedly fooled the pagan church into electing her as pope while disguising herself as a man. She allegedly succeeded in duping and ruling the cross-worshippers for years before being exposed and dying shortly thereafter... The closest other precedent would be that of the "hidden imms" of some apostate sects including the Rfidah who believe in the occultation of Muhammad al`Askar, the Ism'liyyah who believe in the occultation of Muhammad Ibn Ism'l Ibn Ja'far as-Sdiq, and the Druze who believe in the occultation of "al-Hkim bi Amrillh" al-`Ubayd. Some of their sects even believe in reincarnations of the so-called "hidden imm" or in deputies acting on his behalf... Yes, these are the closest precedents for the great shaming event, the hoax of Akhtar Mansr, a man close to and favored by the Pakistani "Inter-Services Intelligence"

(ISI) and who for years has ruled the expired "Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan" in the name of the departed Mull Muhammad `Umar. And while taking advantage of Mull `Umar's death, Akhtar released statements ­ both in the name of Mull `Umar and the "emirate" ­ in support of national reconciliation with the apostate Afghan puppet regime, normalization of relations with the apostates of the Pakistani regime and army, glorification of various Arab and non-Arab tawght including the American slaves Hamad Al Thani and Tamim Al Thani of Qatar, and declaring the most evil enemy of Islam ­ the Safaw regime of Iran ­ a Muslim state! He released statements upholding the principles of the United Nations, international conventions, nationalism, "modernism," and pacifism, as well as statements disavowing both offensive and defensive jihd except for a nationalist Afghani war against the American occupational forces. He released statements supporting the legality and authority of the democratic tght elections in Egypt and their electoral results. He released statements declaring the Rfidah to be Muslims, even condemning attacks against the Rfidah of Afghanistan.1 And through their hold on the Taliban, he and his closest accomplices ­ for the sake of personal gains and severe deviances and in the name of the deceased Mull `Umar ­ waged war against the Khilfah that ruled by the Shar'ah and that practiced wal' and bar' while their Taliban "emirate" forcefully resisted the clear-cut and definite obligations of wal' and bar'. And thus, according to Akhtar and his accomplices' words and deeds, the Rfidah and tawght are their "Muslim brothers" whom they honor, while the Islamic State's leaders and soldiers are "Khawrij" against whom they wage war... Throughout this period, the various Q'idah branches claimed that they could not pledge allegiance to the Qurash Khalfah Ab Bakr al-Baghdd (hafidhahullh) because Mull `Umar was their "utmost imm," after years of Q'idah leaders stating that Mull `Umar was not a khalfah but a bounded leader of a regional emirate2. This was accompanied by years of the Taliban releasing statements in rejection of any mission outside of Afghanistan.
1 The statements can be found on the Taliban's official website. A large selection of them were compiled and referenced in an article titled "Fdihat ash-Shm wa Kasr al-Asnm" ("The Shm Exposé and the Breaking of the Idols") by Ab Maysarah ash-Shm. 2 This was explicitly stated by `Atiyyatullh al-Lb. It was also explicitly stated by Dhawhir and an-Nadhr, but it is hizbiyyah that blinds the hearts!

4 FOREWORD

Mujhidn in Khursn then began to openly reject the claim that Mull `Umar was still alive, many of them believing he had died almost fourteen years ago, shortly after the start of the American invasion of Afghanistan in "late 2001." More and more truthful fighters abandoned the ranks of Akhtar's Taliban and pledged allegiance to the Khilfah, as others began to put pressure on the Taliban leadership for evidence of Mull `Umar's life. The Taliban released another written statement fabricated with a nationalist tone and dialect in the name of the deceased Mull `Umar, congratulating the Ummah on Eid al-Fitr and supporting the national Afghan reconciliation with the apostate regime! Pressure magnified even from Akhtar's supporters in the Pakistani and Afghani intelligence, until he and his accomplices admitted to Mull `Umar's death. The political office of the Taliban "emirate" then announced that Mull `Umar had passed away specifically on "23 April 2013." Thereafter Muhammad Tayyib gh ­ the head of the political office and formerly one of the closest men to Mull `Umar ­ announced his resignation and declared that he considers the concealment of Mull `Umar's death for a period of "two and a half years" to be a "historical mistake." This was followed by a statement from Zabihullah Mujahid (official spokesman of the Taliban "emirate"), in which he admitted to their covering up of Mull `Umar's death since "23 April 2013." Accordingly, Mull `Umar had passed away at least more than a year before the announcement of the Khilfah and very shortly after the Islamic State's official expansion into Shm, that is assuming he hadn't passed away years before... So what did al-Q'idah and its partisans do in response to this hoax? Did they repent and join the ranks of the Khilfah? No... AlQ'idah's supporters from amongst

those claiming "scholarship" wrote treatises to justify the concealment of Mull `Umar's death, not quoting the Qur'n and the Sunnah, but the books of history about the khalaf (the generations after the Salaf ) full of unverifiable events whose personalities are not even examples for the Ummah! The few examples from the Salaf they quoted and distorted involved concealment of a leader's death only for a short time and only from a small part of the Muslim army engaged in battle, not for months and years and certainly not from the entire Ummah! The hizb (partisan) "scholars" then exaggerated the ruling on lying for the sake of war and reconciliation to include lying open-endedly to the worldwide Muslim Ummah in its entirety from the far East to the distant West including all its scholars, leaders, fighters, and men, all for the sake of some loosely-defined "maslahah." They even permitted speech to be fabricated in the name of a dead man only to prevent the unification of the Ummah under the obligation of Khilfah and to bind it through chains of taqld (blind following) to the evil of hizbiyyah (partisanship)! Worse yet, these "scholars" have thereby paved the way for the masses to deny anything proclaimed to them, as this deviant precedent and its flimsy justifications means anything could be an unending lie to the entire Ummah for the sake of hizbiyyah. And who knows, perhaps some of the ignorant masses will come out and allege that Mull `Umar is still alive, not dead, and then there will be a new "occultation" claim added to those of the Rfidah and Btiniyyah... Then suddenly Dhawhir ­ who disappeared for almost a year, since "3 September 2014" ­ came out and pledged allegiance to the liar Akhtar Mansr! This was despite Akhtar's

authority being heavily disputed by large divisions of the Taliban, including those headed by Mull `Umar's son and brother, as well as those parties opposing Akhtar's plans for national reconciliation and international normalization. Several Taliban leaders left the "Quetta Shura" in which Akhtar was "elected," in objection to Akhtar's authority and the legitimacy of his "shr." Other leaders resigned from their positions ­ such as Muhammad Tayyib gh, `Azz `Abdur-Rahmn, and Nek Muhammad ­ in protest of the hoax or in rejection of Akhtar or in pursuit of leadership! Yet Dhawhir pledged allegiance. The question that follows is, will his blind sheep in the various branches of al-Q'idah follow suit and pledge allegiance to the infamous liar? Will they pledge allegiance to someone who rejects the fundamentals of wal' and bar' and speaks in the name of a dead man? Will they pledge allegiance to someone who officially dispatches political delegations to Safaw Iran and whose "emirate" names the Iranian regime an "Islamic state" and calls the Rfid leaders and masses "Muslim brothers"! If they would reflect over this hoax, this bay'ah to this con artist, and the deterioration of their different branches who have waged a media and military campaign against the Islamic State, they would fear it to be from the many just results of the mubhalah declared more than a year ago, but sadly most of them do not think for themselves, and instead allow their personal desires and that of their blind shepherds to lead them on. We ask Allah to protect us from the evils of desire, taqld, irj', hizbiyyah, and the Dajjl.

dabiq 5

6 ARTICLE

More than a year ago in 1435AH, the lying Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm of the Jawln front announced to the world, "I perform mubhalah against you [the Islamic State] over your testing of people on their creeds. ... Rather you test the best of people. I mean the mujhidn from the mujhid factions such as the Islamic Front, Jaysh alMujhidn, and others" [Al-Mubhalah]. He also said, "Describing the fighting taking place as a battle between the Dawlah group on one side and those who stand with Jarb and Idrs [two Syrian National Coalition leaders] on the other, is far from the truth. Those who carried the greatest burden of fighting against the Dawlah group in the north were the Islamic Front and Jaysh al-Mujhidn ... As for the Islamic Front and Jaysh al-Mujhidn ­ two major players in the war against the Dawlah group ­ then it has not been established with us that they had fallen into apostasy, and we are more aware of their condition than the Dawlah group because of our closeness to them" [Wa Law Annahum Fa'al M Y'adhna Bih].
Very quickly after this mubhalah, "Jaysh as-Mujhidn" openly flaunted their relationship with the secularist Syrian National Coalition, its "interim government," and its "ministry of defense."1 They recently added to their deeds of apostasy by releasing a statement in which they said, "The leadership of Jaysh al-Mujhidn sends its condolences to Turkey, its government and people, on the murder of one of Turkey's soldiers and citizens at the hands of the terrorist `Dawlah organization' and PKK party. We in Jaysh al-Mujhidn announce our solidarity and complete support for the Turkish government against the terrorist `Dawlah organization' and PKK party ... We stand with the Turkish brothers in one trench and consider this murderous deed to be an attack against the Turkish stance in support of the Syrian people." They did not forget to decorate their statement with the jhil flag of the Turkish state!
Turkey is a member of the crusader NATO alliance. It took part in various crusader campaigns launched and led by the Americans including "Operation Enduring Freedom ­ Afghanistan," "Operation Enduring Freedom ­ Horn of Africa" (in Somalia and its surrounding regions), and "Operation Inherent Resolve" (in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State). The Turkish government is one that legislates, executes, and judges by manmade laws. Its army is assembled in defense of the Turkish tght and their crusader allies. This government and army is one of blatant apostasy, and yet "Jaysh al-Mujhidn" stands in support of the Turkish government against Islam and the Muslims. Imm Muhammad Ibn `Abdil- Wahhb  said
1 See pages 24-25 of issue #2 of Dbiq.

The Turkish sponsors of al-Q'idah's allies stand in the same trench as the NATO crusaders

that from the nullifiers of Islam was "backing and aiding the mushrikn against the Muslims. The proof is the statement of Allah , {O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are allies of one another. And whoever is an ally to them among you ­ then indeed, he is one of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people} [Al-M'idah: 51]" [Nawqid al-Islm]. As for the "Islamic" Front, then "Ahrr as-Shm" represents the largest bloc in this divided front. The Jawln front leadership has strived hard to portray the group as being "Islamic" and even "jihd," but the recent statements of its official leadership can only embarrass the jihd claimants of the Jawln front. In reality, a cold media war is being fought between the two over their love of leadership and pride in opinions, and as its ice melts, the two sides will begin to dispatch their security cells to silently target each other's leadership with IED's and silencers, that is if this hasn't already

begun. After all, the apostates of "Ahrr ash-Shm" were once considered to be potential Sahwt and a deviant project in the making by the Jawln leadership.2
Yes, since the launching of the Syrian Sahwah, the Jawln front strived hard to portray "Ahrr ash-Shm" as being "mujhidn," until the Jawln front and its "ideologues" sitting back in the shade of the Jordanian tght were embarrassed by shameless articles released by Labib al-Nahhas ­ Foreign Affairs Director at "Ahrr ash-Shm." His most recent piece3 was released on "21 July 2015" via the crusaders of the British "Telegraph" and is titled "I'm a Syrian and I fight Isil every day. It will take more than bombs from the West to defeat this menace." In it he said:
"In Raqqa ... people were taking notice [of "the West's inaction"]. The so-called Islamic State (Isil), then only a pale shadow of what it
2 See page 75 of issue #10 of Dbiq. 3 His previous article was quoted on pages 12-13 of issue #10 of Dbiq.

is today, capitalised on the West's failure to reign-in Assad to advance their propaganda narrative: the West is in cahoots with Assad and his Shi'ite Iranian backers in a conspiracy to defeat and humiliate Sunni Arabs in the region. ..." "[T]he majority of Syrians['] ... sole aims in revolution was freedom, dignity and a better quality of life. We in Ahrar Al-Sham and other Armed Revolutionary Groups (ARGs) fight for those Syrians. We raised arms because we had no other choice ­ either we unconditionally surrender or we fight for the freedom of our people..." "[T]he longer the war goes on, the less there will be of Syria to save. Ahrar Al-Sham wants to see the end to Assad's reign, Isil comprehensively defeated and a stable and representative government in Damascus formed that puts Syria on the path to peace, reconciliation and economic recovery. We would like to see a political system that respects the identity and legitimate

dabiq 7

political aspirations of Syria's majority while protecting minority communities and enabling them to play a real and positive role in the country's future. We want to see Syria's unity and territorial integrity preserved..." "We realise that that our vision cannot be achieved by military means alone. There will need to be a political process in place and we know that that means making tough decisions. ..." "In recent days Prime Minister David Cameron signalled a possible change of the Government's policy towards armed intervention in Syria. He said that the UK should `step up and do more' in the fight against Isil in Iraq and Syria. That's all fine and well. In Ahrar AlSham we have lost 700 of our fighters in battles against IS since January 2014, and we and our allies are holding a 45km front line against Isil in Aleppo. We know what it is like to confront the menace of Isil. ... We believe that Isil is not only a security or military threat but a social and ideological phenomena that needs to be confronted on multiple levels and that requires a national Sunni alternative to both Assad and Islamic State." "Ahrar Al-Sham, as a mainstream Sunni Islamist group deeply rooted in the revolutionary landscape, is forging that alternative. But those expecting a `perfect' Sunni alternative according to Western liberal standard are sure to be disappointed. As we should all know by now, political systems and models of government cannot be imported into the Middle East and expected to flourish where historical experiences, political cultures and

Al-Q'idah's allies seek the patronage of the British crusader David Cameron
social structures are so radically different. There needs to be a major role for religion and local custom in any political arrangement that emerges out of the debris of conflict, and it should be one that corresponds with the prevailing beliefs of the majority of Syrians. ..." "As the RAF ["Royal Air Force"] readies to join in the military coalition against Isil, Britain's government would be wise to consider new approaches to fighting the extremist group that goes beyond just dropping bombs." This ends his deviant words. To summarize: He uses a nationalist, democratic dialect supporting selfdetermination, power for the majority, protection of the minorities (who include the Rfidah, the Nusayriyyah, the Druze, and the Ism'liyyah), and the preservation

8 ARTICLE

The crusader Royal Air Force of Britain - A symbol of hope for the allies of al-Q'idah

of nationalist borders. He nominates "Ahrr ash-Shm" as a moderate "alternative" to the Islamic State, an "alternative" willing to cooperate with the West in the crusade against the Islamic State. He praises the British crusaders' war and airstrikes against the Islamic State, but advises them by saying they are not enough and more should be done! After this article, the "Political Office" of "Ahrr ashShm" released a "statement regarding the Safe Zone in northern Syria" on "11 August 2015." In it, they said: "`And cooperate in righteousness and piety, but do not cooperate in sin and aggression.'" [Al-M'idah: 2] "It is an undeniable fact that throughout the last four years the Turkish government and the Turkish people have supported the Syrian people and their revolution in every way imaginable. This support was extended despite the threats that have arisen to Turkey's national security and the enormous internal and external pressure that the Turkish government has come under. Turkey has remained steadfast in its ethical and humanitarian position towards our people and our revolution. This wise and responsible position has made Turkey the most important ally of the Syrian revolution and has opened up new avenues of common interests between two peoples, whether on the internal or regional fronts. The latest avenue of common interests is standing up to Daesh. Daesh has proven to be the biggest disaster to have befallen the revolution as well as being a real threat to Turkey's security and stability. The sectarian policies of Bashar Assad and the foolish policies of Daesh have turned Syria into an arena for international conflict and proxy wars. This has effected the security of the allies of the Syrian people. While maintaining the principled position on rejecting of foreign dictates and tutelage, there is now a reality that must be dealt with in accordance with the principles of the common good and the long-term interests of the country as a whole." "Based on the comprehensive vision of Ahrar Al-Sham Islamic Movement towards the internal and regional scene, and acting in accordance with the interests of the Syrian people and its allies in any political or military matter, and believing strongly in the need for Sunni solidarity in the face of the Iranian threat, we believe that the announcement of Turkey's intention to establish a safe zone in the north of Syria is a matter that serves the interest of the Syrian people. The safe zone will have positive repercussions on the humanitarian, political and military levels, the benefits of which will be felt by both countries. The safe zone is also a necessary measure

to bolster Turkey's national security and to stop in its tracks terrorist or secessionist plans by Daesh and the PKK. ... The safe zone in the north of Syria will help refugees return to their homes and the plots of the enemies of the revolution to be foiled. Ahrar al-Sham Islamic Movement therefore fully supports the safe zone with the help of Turkey and the political and military cooperation of Armed Revolutionary Groups. We take this opportunity to stress the unbreakable bond and the common destiny of the Syrian and the Turkish peoples and underscore the need for the strategic ties with Turkey to become the cornerstone for a common approach to tackling current and future challenges."4 Thereby, "Ahrr ash-Shm" has extended its hand flagrantly to the apostate regime and army of Turkey and nominated itself to be their agents in Syria. So will the jihd claimants in the Jawln front repent from apostasy and pronounce bar'ah from their closest ally whom their leaders had once considered "the Sahwt of the future"? Or will the slippery slope of "excuses" dictated by hizbiyyah continue to make them fall until they fight under the banner of the greatest fitnah ­ al-Mash ad-Dajjl ­ for the sake of leadership, partisanship, and deviance?5 We ask Allah to support the mujhidn of the Islamic State against the agents of the tawght and the crusaders until the banner of the Khilfah is raised high above Istanbul and Vatican City.
4 Note that in the statements of the various Sahwah factions they claim to care for the people of Shm while knowing that the airstrikes plotted to form the Turkish "safe zone" will target the mujhidn of the Khilfah, the harshest warriors against the Nusayr forces. These factions also use the atheist PKK as an excuse to fight under the banner of the Turkish tght but forget that they themselves had all forged truces and agreements with the apostate PKK in Halab, some of these agreements even entailing the sharing of power to administer PKK-controlled territories. The most famous agreements in Halab with the PKK were signed by the Ahl ash-Shm Operations Room and the Shmiyyah Front. These agreements included "Jaysh al-Mujhidn" and "Ahrr ash-Shm" as members. If they were truly worried about the atheist PKK as they now claim, then rather than signing truces with them, they would have waged war against them like the Islamic State has done. 5 More recently, Robert Ford (former US ambassador to Syria) wrote an article titled "Yes, Talk with Syria's Ahrar al-Sham," in which he strongly proposed direct US cooperation with "Ahrr ash-Shm" against the Islamic State, after almost two years of indirect cooperation through the tawght. This was followed by an article in the "Daily Beast" titled "Deal with Devils ­ Petraeus: Use Al Qaeda Fighters to Beat ISIS," in which the idea of David Petraeus (former commanding general of the crusaders in Iraq and co-founder of the Iraqi Sahwah) in cooperating with the Jawln front against the Islamic State was publicized. This was followed by the lying Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm justifying his cooperation with the various Sahwt of Turkey, America, and the Gulf tawght based on the claim one could not pronounce takfr upon these factions due to excuses he fabricated for the Sahwt regarding their cooperation with the crusaders and apostates! He then lied and claimed that the Islamic State had itself "cooperated" with Turkey and he used as his "proof " the prisoner exchange in which 46 Turkish prisoners were exchanged for almost 200 muhjirn! Is this "cooperation" or fulfulling the obligation of striving for the release of Muslim prisoners! He made his shameful lie knowing very well that the apostate Turkish regime and army are part of NATO and the American-led crusade against the Islamic State and that Turkey partakes in the imprisonment of muhjirn and together with America strikes positions of the Islamic State in Halab for the sake of the Sahwt allied to the Jawln front, sometimes even positions in favor of the Jawln front itself! One can only say to him, "If you are shameless, then do as you please" [Reported by al-Bukhr from Ab Mas'd]. Ash-Shm can lie as much as he pleases, but the truth is too clear. When will the Sahwah sheep wake up and realize they are ultimately serving the interests of the crusaders?

dabiq 9

The Evil
Of Division And Taqld
Allah  revealed the Qur'n and the Sunnah to our Prophet Muhammad  so that mankind would study them and practice them. This was the religion of Islam that was conveyed by the Messenger  to his Companions , which they conveyed to the generations thereafter. Islam was preserved in the Qur'n and the Sunnah, and the Sunnah was preserved in the books of hadth. If a Muslim with understanding of the Arabic language picked up the Qur'n, or Sahh al-Bukhr, or Sahh Muslim, he would not require encyclopedic knowledge to be able to understand and practice his religion overall, for learning its basics was facilitated for him by Allah . He made tawhd and mn from the simplest matters that any layman could understand. Similarly is the case of many definite rulings of Islam, including the obligation to unite in one body, appoint a single leader, and hear and obey him, as the proofs in the Shar'ah and the evidences inside the creation are so many that a person with a sound fitrah, even if he were mostly ignorant, would not be able to overlook this obligation. {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [l `Imrn: 103]. The Prophet  said, "Whoever dies while not having a bay'ah around his neck dies a death of jhiliyyah" [Reported by Muslim from Ibn `Umar]. And the explicit proofs and implicit 10 ARTICLE

evidences for these fundamentals are very many; whoever seeks them will find them easily.1
Yet Muslims today are discouraged by the so-called "Salaf" or even "Salaf Jihd" claimants from approaching the Qur'n and the Sunnah without blinding goggles limiting them to the desires of contemporary "scholars" from amongst those supporting the tawght or those sitting back amongst their women in the shades of the tawght. Was this deviant intermediary a condition for understanding the religion before? Was it ever a prerequisite for jam'ah?
Know that it is undeniably a trait of the people of deviance to remain divided without having a single imm. For this reason, Ahlus-Sunnah are called Ahlus-Sunnah walJam'ah, meaning they follow the Sunnah and adhere to the Muslim body embodied in the khilfah and its imm while distancing themselves from the deviant sects and the mutinous parties. As for contemporary "AhlusSunnah," then they replaced the concept of Jam'ah with a deviant interpretation of shr more akin to democracy ballot boxes than the shr of the Khulaf' ar-Rshidn.
Imm Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb  said, "These are matters in which the kitb and illiterate people of the Jhiliyyah opposed Allah's Messenger . The Muslim cannot afford to be ignorant of these matters, for by the opposite of good, good becomes manifest. And through the opposite of matters, matters become distinct ... The second of these matters [after major shirk] is that they are divided about their religion, as Allah  said, {But
1 See, for example, "Kitb al-Ahkm" of al-Bukhr and "Kitb al-Imrah" of Muslim.

the people divided their religion among them into sects ­ each faction, in what it has, rejoicing} [Al-Mu'minn: 53]. They are also divided about their duny and they consider this good. So he  came with unity regarding the religion with Allah's statement, {He has ordained for you of religion what He enjoined upon Nh and that which We have revealed to you, and what We enjoined upon Ibrhm and Ms and `s ­ to establish the religion and not be divided therein} [Ash-Shr: 13]. Allah  also said, {Indeed, those who have divided their religion and become sects ­ you have nothing to do with them} [Al-An'm: 159]. He also prohibited us from being like them with Allah's statement, {And do not be like the ones who became divided and differed after the clear proofs had come to them. And those will have a great punishment} [l `Imrn: 105]. He also prohibited us from dividing about the duny with Allah's statement, {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [l `Imrn: 103]. The third of these matters is that they considered disobeying the person in authority and refusing to yield to him a virtue. They considered hearing and obeying him humiliation and disgrace. Allah's Messenger  opposed them and ordered his companions to be patient with the injustices of the rulers2. He ordered them to hear and obey them and give them sincere advice. He was severe about this, expressed it, and repeated it. These three matters he  gathered together in the hadth reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim, `Allah is pleased with three matters for you, that you worship Him and not associate anything with Him in worship, that you hold to the rope of Allah together and not divide, and that you sincerely advise those whom Allah gives authority over you.' No calamity occurred in the people's religion and duny except by violation of these three principles or some of them" [Mas'il al-Jhiliyyah].
He  also said, "From the most amazing things and greatest signs showing the power of Allah  are six principles that He  made very clear more so than what the doubtful people think. Thereafter, many of the `intelligent' people of the world and `wise' men of mankind erred about these principles, except for a very few. ... The second principle [after the obligation of tawhd and prohibition of shirk] is that Allah ordered with unity regarding the religion and prohibited division within it. Allah clarified this with clear and conclusive evidence that the laymen can understand. He prohibited us from being like those who divided before us and thus were destroyed. He also mentioned that He ordered the Messengers with unity regarding the religion and
2 He refers to Muslim rulers who rule by the Shar'ah but commit injustices, not rulers who apostatize by legislating, executing, or judging by manmade laws, nor rulers who have wal' to the crusaders against the Muslims.

prohibited them from division within it. What makes this clearer is what the Sunnah came with of amazing teachings in this regards. Then the matter changed until division over the fundamentals and branches of the religion became `knowledge' and `fiqh of the religion'! And then no one called to the obligation to unite regarding the religion except for a `zindq' or `madman'! The third principle is that the fulfillment of unity is by hearing and obeying he who has been granted authority over us even if he might be an Ethiopian slave. Allah clarified this prevalently and sufficiently through various kinds of shar' and qadar evidences. It then became the fundamental not known to most of the claimants of knowledge. What then of acting in accordance with this matter!" [Six Great Beneficial Fundamentals]. And although jam'ah is from the most obvious of obligations with even the fitrah of many animals being inclined to it, the modern claimants of Islam argue that it is better for the Ummah to have religious and political pluralism! They prefer that Ahlus-Sunnah tolerate the various sects of bid'ah and even apostasy who claim to belong to the Muslim Ummah. They also wish that Ahlus-Sunnah would permit the existence of deviant, warring, and selfish political parties and militant factions on the liberated Muslim lands! They made taqld (blind following) of their partisan, evil "scholars" an essential aspect of "religion." And through this, they propagated the "virtue" of division and denounced the "evil" of jam'ah in their campaign against the revived body of Islam, the Khilfah. How wicked are the deviant parties and corrupt "scholars"! Therefore know ­ may Allah have mercy upon you ­ that the major basis for the religions of the Jhiliyyah was taqld. After Imm Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb  mentioned the first three aspects of their religion (shirk, religious division, and political disunity), he said, "The fourth matter is that their religion is based upon principles, the greatest of which is taqld. It is the major principle for all the kuffr, the first of them and last of them, as Allah  said, {And similarly, We did not send before you any warner into a city except that its affluent said, "Indeed, we found our fathers upon a religion, and we are, in their footsteps, following"} [Az-Zukhruf: 23]. He  also said, {And when it is said to them, "Follow what Allah has revealed," they say, "Rather, we will follow that upon which we found our fathers." Even if Shaytn was inviting them to the punishment of Hellfire?} [Luqmn: 21]. So he  came to them with Allah's statement, {Say, "I only advise you of one thing ­ that you stand for Allah, [seeking truth] in pairs and individually, and then give thought." There is not in your companion any madness.

dabiq 11

He is only a warner to you before a severe punishment} [Saba': 46] and Allah's statement, {Follow what has been revealed to you from your Lord and do not follow other than Him any allies. Little do you remember} [Al-A'rf: 3]" [Mas'il al-Jhiliyyah].
He thereafter goes on detailing various kinds of taqld that the people of Jhiliyyah practiced. He  said, "From their biggest principles is to be dazzled by the majority. They use this as evidence to claim something is correct. They also claim something is false by its strangeness and lack of followers. So he came to them with the opposite of such. Allah clarified it in more than one place in the Qur'n.3 They also use the people of the past as proof, as described in Allah's statement {[Fir'awn] said, "Then what is the case of the former generations?"} [Th: 51]. {"We have not heard of this among our forefathers"} [Al-Mu'minn: 24]. They also use as proof a people who were given strength in intellect, feats, kingship, wealth, and honor. Allah rejected this by His statement, {And We had certainly established them in such as We have not established you, and We made for them hearing and vision and hearts. But their hearing and vision and hearts availed them not from anything when they were rejecting the signs of Allah; and they were enveloped by what they used to ridicule} [Al-Ahqf: 26]. They also claim something is false due to no one following it except the weak. {"Should we believe you while you are followed by the lowest [class of people]?"} [Ash-Shu'ar: 111], {"Is it these whom Allah has favored among us?"} [Al-An'm:
3 For example, {And even if We had sent down to them the angels and the dead spoke to them and We gathered together everything in front of them, they would not believe unless Allah should will. But most of them are ignorant} [Al-An'm: 111].

53]. So Allah responded with His statement, {Is not Allah most knowing of those who are grateful?} [Al-An'm: 53]. They follow the sinful scholars and worshippers. So he  came to them with Allah's statement, {O you who have believed, indeed many of the scholars and the monks devour the wealth of people unjustly and avert them from the way of Allah} [At-Tawbah: 34] and with Allah's statement, {"Do not exceed limits in your religion beyond the truth and do not follow the inclinations of a people who had gone astray before and misled many and have strayed from the soundness of the way"} [Al-M'idah: 77]. They also claim the religion is false due to its small amount of followers and their lack of intellect, as in their statement {"simple-minded"} [Hd: 27]. They use as evidence incorrect qiys, as in their statement, {"You are not but men like us"} [Ibrhm: 10]. They also reject correct qiys.4 What links this matter to the former is that they do not understand the difference between the inclusive and the distinctive. They go to extremes in their love and imitation of the scholars and righteous, as described in Allah's statement, {O People of the Book, do not commit excess in your religion or say about Allah except the truth} [AnNis': 171]. All the preceding is based upon a principle of negation and affirmation: They follow their desires and doubts and abandon what the Messengers came with" [Points 5-14 of "Mas'il al-Jhiliyyah"].
Know also that the taqld of the jhil people was not towards pious scholars or scholarly worshippers, but
4 They rejected many of the logical proofs for ulhiyyah and resurrection, for example, {And We have sent down blessed rain from the sky and made grow thereby gardens and grain from the harvest and lofty palm trees having fruit arranged in layers ­ as provision for the servants, and We have given life thereby to a dead land. Thus is the resurrection} [Qf: 9-11].

12 ARTICLE

rather, as Imm Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb said, "Their religious leaders were either corrupt scholars or ignorant worshippers, as described in Allah's statement, {A party of them used to hear the words of Allah and then distort the Tawrh after they had understood it while they were knowing} [Al-Baqarah: 75] to His statement, {And among them are unlettered ones who do not know the Book except in wishful thinking, but they are only assuming} [Al-Baqarah: 78]" [Mas'il al-Jhiliyyah]. He  also described this condition by saying, "The fourth principle is clarifying what knowledge and fiqh is, who the scholars and fuqah' are, and who attempts to resemble them but is not truly from them. Allah  has clarified this principle in Srat al-Baqarah in His description of Ban Isr'l [Al-Baqarah: 40-121]. What makes this clearer is what the Sunnah clarified on this matter with many clear and apparent words that the most simple layman can grasp easily. This principle then became the strangest of matters. `Knowledge' and `fiqh' became bid'ah and deviation; the `best' thing they could do is confuse the truth with falsehood for others. Now no one utters the knowledge that Allah  obligated upon the creation and praised except a `zindq' or `madman'! And the person who denounces it, holds enmity towards it, authors warnings against and condemnations of it, became the `faqh' and `scholar'! The fifth principle is that Allah clarified who His awliy' are, and made them distinct from those who attempt to resemble them from amongst His hypocritical and corrupt enemies. One yah in Srat l `Imrn is sufficient in clarifying this, {Say, "If you should love Allah, then follow me, Allah will love you"} [l `Imrn: 31], and one yah in Srat al-M'idah, {O you who have believed, whoever of you should revert from his religion

­ Allah will bring forth [in place of them] a people He will love and who will love Him who are humble toward the believers, powerful against the disbelievers; they strive for the cause of Allah and do not fear the blame of a critic} [Al-M'idah: 51], and yt in Srat Ynus, {Unquestionably, there will be no fear for the allies of Allah, nor will they grieve. They are those who believed and were fearing Allah} [Ynus: 62-63]. Then ­ according to the claimants of knowledge who claim to be guides for the creation and preservers of the Shar'ah ­ the matter became that the awliy' must abandon following the Messengers, and whoever follows the Messenger is not from the awliy. They must also abandon jihd, and whoever performs jihd is not from them. They must also abandon mn and taqw, and whoever commits to mn and taqw is not from them. Our Lord, we ask You forgiveness and wellness. You are the hearer of du''" [Six Great Beneficial Fundamentals]. And similarly the claimants of Islam today require that Muslims blindly follow corrupt scholars and ignorant worshippers and reject the obligation of jam'ah otherwise they are "Khawrij"! They ask the Muslims to follow those "scholars" who abandoned jihd in an era where jihd is fard `ayn. They ask the Muslims to follow those "scholars" who are silent about the evils of rulers who are tawght not merely tyrannical. They even ask the Muslims to follow those "scholars" who call to deviance and apostasy and who side with the crusaders and apostates against the Muslims! Is it not the obligation to hate these "scholars" for Allah's sake and boycott them until they repent? Shaykhul-Islm Ibn Taymiyyah  said, "The comprehensive hijrah is to boycott sins and the people of sin, as well as the callers to bid'ah, the fsiq people, those who socialize with any

of these people or aid them in their sin, and those who abandon jihd, the deed without which there is no good for the people, as he should be punished by boycott because he does not help the Muslims in piety and righteousness. So the fornicators, the sodomites, the abandoners of jihd, the people of bid'ah, and the drunkards, these people and the mingling with them is harmful for the religion of Islam. There is no cooperation from them not upon righteousness nor upon piety. Whoever does not boycott them has abandoned a commanded deed and committed a censured action" [Majm' al-Fatw]. Yes, those who abandon jihd are akin to the fornicators, the sodomites, and the drunkards, and yet the claimants of Islam request the mujhidn to blindly follow these sinful "scholars," those who prefer to sit in the shades of the tawght and crusaders rather than perform jihd against the kuffr... As for those "scholars" who are merely silent about the tawght, then they are worse than the sinners who commit the severest of sins. Ibnul-Qayyim  said, "Those who have a background with what Allah sent His Messenger  and with what his Companions were upon realize that most of those famous for their religiosity are actually the least religious. Allhulmusta'n. What religion and what good are in a person who sees Allah's sanctuary violated, His limits disregarded, His religion abandoned, and the Sunnah of His Messenger  turned away from, while his heart is cool and tongue is silent? He is a mute devil just as the one who speaks with falsehood is a speaking devil. Is the calamity of the religion from anyone but these who if their food and positions are safe, then they care not what happens to

dabiq 13

Knowledge should be in the hearts and reflected in one's deeds, not merely on the shelves
the religion? The best of them is he who tries to be sad and barely opens his mouth. If he were to be disputed over something that pains him of his honor or wealth, he would exert, strive, and use all three levels of denunciation to the best of his ability. These people, in addition to them falling from the eye of Allah and Allah hating them, have been afflicted in the Duny with the greatest affliction possible while not realizing it, that is the death of the heart, because the more the heart is alive, the stronger the anger for Allah and His Messenger is and the more complete the rush to support the religion is" [I'lm al-Muwaqqi'n]. He  also said, "The religion is not merely abandoning the open sins, rather, in addition to that, it is carrying out the orders loved by Allah. Most of those claiming to be religious disregard from the religion everything except what the laymen have common with them. As for jihd, commanding the good, forbidding the evil, being sincere towards Allah and His Messenger, sincerely advising His slaves, and supporting Allah, His Messenger, His religion, and His book, then these deeds do not come to their mind, never mind wanting to do them, never mind actually doing them. The least religious of people and the most hated by Allah are those who abandon these deeds even if they have zuhd towards all the Duny. It is rare that you find one of them having his face change and turn red for Allah's sake, get angry for His sanctuary, and exert himself in support of His religion. The people of major sins are better in Allah's sight than these people" [`Uddat as-Sbirn].

Accordingly, how can one take as role models the effeminate males ­ the abandoners of jihd? Or the mute devils silent about the tawght, in whose shade they rest with their wives? If it is wrong in general to blindly follow a pious scholar or knowledgeable worshipper, is it not more wrong to follow the sinful devils! Why then does the Muslim not turn to the basic teachings of the Qur'n and the Sunnah and apply them as they should be applied without making these "scholars" a barrier from him joining the Jam'ah of the Muslims, the Khilfah? Imm Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb said, "The sixth principle is to reject the doubt fabricated by Shaytn to make the people abandon the Qur'n and Sunnah and follow the divided and inconsistent opinions and desires. This doubt is the claim that the Qur'n and Sunnah cannot be understood except by an absolute mujtahid. And the mujtahid according to them is the person described with so many traits, which perhaps do not exist altogether in Ab Bakr and `Umar ! And if the person is not so, then it is `undoubtedly' and `unquestionably' a `mandatory obligation' for him to turn away from the Qur'n and Sunnah! As for the person who seeks guidance from the Qur'n and Sunnah, then he is either a `zindq' or `madman' due to the difficulty in understanding them! Glory and praise be to Allah! Allah  greatly and clearly refuted this accursed doubt from numerous angles through the Shar'ah, the Qadar, the creation, and the command, until it reached the level of essential, common knowledge, but most of the people do not know. {Already the word has come into effect upon most of them, so they do not believe. Indeed, We have put shackles on their necks, and they are to their chins, so they are with heads [kept] aloft. And We have put before them a barrier and behind them a barrier and covered them, so they do not see. And it is all the same for them whether you warn them or do not warn them ­ they will not believe. You can only warn one who follows the message and fears the Most Merciful unseen. So give him good tidings of forgiveness and noble reward} [Ysn: 711]" [Six Great Beneficial Fundamentals]. After this, every person should destroy the various idols that were erected inside the hearts by the "jihd" muqallidn in an attempt to inhibit the growth of the Khilfah. Every deviant statue should be defaced until emulation is of Allah's Messenger  alone and bay'ah is to the Qurash Imm alone. No hizb idol should become an obstacle for the Muslim upon his path towards the Khilfah. May Allah guide the truthful to the truth and expose the hypocrisy of the hypocrites.

14 ARTICLE

dabiq 15

As the Hour approaches, it becomes important to reflect upon the fabricated accounts of future events, as they will undoubtedly play a role in actions taken up by various deviant sects. Of these accounts is that of the "Mahd" of the Rfidah who wages war against Islam and the Muslims, contrary to the just and rightly guided Mahd of the future described in the Sunnah. The closer the Hour approaches, the more the Rfidah fall in line with the Jews in preparation for the appearance of this awaited evil leader. Upon reading the Rfid account of the "Mahd," it becomes clear that he is none other than the Dajjl.
According to the Rfidah, the "Mahd" is the so-called son of al-Hasan al-`Askar named "Muhammad." AlHasan al-`Askar died almost 1200 years ago. They claim Muhammad the "Mahd" was born around the time of his father's death. The scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah doubt that al-Hasan al-`Askar ever had any surviving sons, yet the Rfidah claim he had a son who was hidden by his father or his relatives and who ultimately went into hiding near Smarr' and would reappear before the Hour after living in hiding more than a thousand years, or so they claim. Here, we will quote some of the narrations about their "Mahd" from their "most authoritative"1 books.
The Rfid an-Nu'mn reports in his book "AlGhaybah," "When the Imm [the `Mahd'] calls out, he will supplicate Allah through His Hebrew name."
1 Authenticity is something impossible for a lying Rfid to ever achieve, as they are infamous for being the greatest liars of the creation. But despite the blatant fabrication of their narrations, they act in accordance to the false beliefs they hold, just as the Jews will follow the Dajjl about whom they fabricated claims, while claiming that the Dajjl is the Messiah.

In the book "Al-Kf," the Rfid al-Kulayn titled a chapter with the following: "Chapter: When the Imms Emerge They Will Rule by the Laws of David and the Family of David." He then reported that Ja'far as-Sdiq said, "When al-Q'im [the `Mahd'] from the family of Muhammad emerges, he will rule by the Law of David and Solomon." In another report, Ja'far as-Sdiq said, "The world will not end until a man from my offspring rules by the Law of David." Al-Kulayn also reported that Ja'far as-Sdiq was asked, "By what law will you rule?" He responded, "By the Law of the House of David." In "Al-Irshd," the Rfid at-Ts reports that Ja'far asSdiq said, "From al-Kfah will come forth with al-Q'im twenty seven men from the people of Ms, the Seven Sleepers of the Cave, Joshua, Solomon, Ab Dujnah alAnsr, al-Miqdd, and Mlik al-Ashtar. They will be his supporters." The Rfid al-Majlis reports in "Bihr al-Anwr" that Ja'far as-Sdiq said, "Al-Q'im will deal with the Arabs in accordance with the red code." He was asked, "What is the red code?" He responded by passing his finger over his neck to indicate killing. Al-Majlis also reported that Ja'far as-Sdiq said, "Fear the Arabs, for they have an evil future. Indeed, not a single of them will follow al-Q'im when he emerges." The Rfid an-Nu'mn reports in "Al-Ghaybah" that Muhammad al-Bqir said, "If the people knew what alQ'im will do when he emerges most of them would not like to see him due to how many people he kills. He will

16 ARTICLE

70,000 Jews from Asbahn will follow the Dajjl

only begin his killings by killing Quraysh. He will not accept from them anything but war and he will not offer them anything but the sword." An-Nu'mn also reports that Ja'far as-Sdiq said, "When al-Q'im from the family of the Prophet emerges, he will bring five hundred people from Quraysh and strike their necks. He will then bring five hundred more and strike their necks. He will do so six times [thereby killing three thousand men from Quraysh]. He will kill them and their patrons." He also reports that Ja'far as-Sdiq2 said, "When al-Q'im emerges, nothing will be between him and both the Arabs and Quraysh except the sword."
So the Rfid "Mahd" speaks in Hebrew, rules by the Torah, is followed by the Jews, and kills the Arabs especially Quraysh! Is this a description of the Mahd or the Dajjl? Consider that seventy thousand Jews from Asbahn (Isfahan of modern-day Iran) will follow the Dajjl as in the hadth reported by Muslim from Anas .
Also consider that the Dajjl will emerge from the region of the Khawrij as in the hadth reported by Ibn Mjah from Ibn `Umar . And also consider that those who deny Qadar are from the followers of the Dajjl as in the hadth reported by Ab Dwd from Hudhayfah . This is important for two reasons, the Rfidah are from the biggest Khrij sects. They and the other Khawrij have a common root in the Jew `Abdullh Ibn Saba', who partook in the mutiny against the righteous Khalfah `Uthman . For this reason, some of the scholars have also referred to the Khawrij as "Saba'iyyah."3 In
2 Note that Muhammad al-Bqir, Ja'far as-Sdiq, and al-Hasan al-`Askar  were not Rfidah. They were from the family of the Prophet  just as `Al, Ftimah, al-Hasan, and al-Husayn  were from the family of the Prophet . And just as the Rfidah fabricated lies in the name of `Al and his immediate family , they fabricated lies in the name of his noble descendants . 3 The closeness of the Rfidah to the other Khawrij is visible in the wal' between Iran

addition, the Rfidah are infamous for pronouncing takfr upon the majority of the Ummah including the best of the Ummah ­ the Companions of the Prophet  ­ rejecting the authority of the khulaf', even cooperating with the Crusaders and the Tatars against the khulaf' and their Muslim subjects. The Rfidah have a history of massacring Muslims who refuse Rfid beliefs. This became most manifest during the Safaw empire ("15011736CE") and its war against Ahlus-Sunnah in Persia. Finally, the Rfidah are one of the sects of Qadariyyah, as they deny that good and evil deeds are by Allah's qadar. Hence the apostate Rfidah combined between major shirk (worship of the family of the Prophet ), denial of the Qur'n and the Sunnah (as they claim the Companions  fabricated the religious texts), takfr of the Companions  and the Mothers of the Believers , and belief in the deviant innovations of the Khawrij and Qadariyyah. When reflecting upon this and the fact that the Jews await their so-called Messiah ­ as the Jews deny the messengership of Jesus , who will return before the Hour ­ it is expected that the Rfidah will ally blatantly with the Jews in the future in their war against Islam and the Muslims.4 We seek refuge with Allah for Ahlus-Sunnah from the evil of the Dajjl.
and Oman. Oman is ruled solely and populated mostly by the Ibdiyyah. The Ibdiyyah are historically a deviant Khrij sect; but over the last centuries they have mutated into an apostate Jahm sect. Their tght "sultan" legislates manmade laws and has wal' to the Crusaders, the Arab and non-Arab tawght including l Sall, and the Rfidah. 4 Although it is not possible to know with certainty how exactly such will come about, it is interesting to note that 340 Jewish American rabbis recently wrote a letter addressed to the American congress in support of American-Iranian reconciliation, as reported by "I24News" (a Jewish news channel) on "18 August 2015" in an article titled "Hundreds of US Rabbis Voice Support for Iran Nuclear Deal." The report adds that the Jewish Defense Forces Military Intelligence Directorate's Research Department presented its stance to the political leadership of the Jewish state and "emphasized the possible benefits that could come of the deal."

dabiq 17

18 ARTICLE

The past year has seen a number of high-profile racerelated incidents dominate the headlines in America, bringing the topic of racism back into the spotlight across the country, and like most other major issues that take center stage in the crusader media, racism does not go ignored by the Muslim minority living in the lands of kufr. Their "leaders" address the issue with an effort to give the topic an "Islamic" flavor, but typically fall short. When tackling the issue from such a perspective, "Islamic" preachers and writers often do so with humanistic undertones that seek to portray Islam as a religion of peace that teaches Muslims to coexist with all. Deluded by the open-ended concept of "tolerance," they cite numerous yt and ahdth that ­ rightfully so ­ serve to demonstrate that racial hatred has no place in Islam, but they do so for the purpose of advancing an agenda that attempts to "Islamize" more "liberal" concepts that the kuffr apply across the board for achieving evil, such as political pluralism, freedom of religion , and acceptance of sodomites. In doing so, these "du't" seek to encourage the kfir societies they live in to be more accepting of them, rather than meeting the enmity of the mushrikn with hatred and disavowal. They forego the concept of wal' and bar' (loyalty and disavowal for the cause of Allah), not bothering to educate their readers of the Muslim's obligation to reject kufr, separate himself from the kuffr, abandon their lands, harbor enmity and hatred towards them, and wage war against them until they submit to the truth. {There has already been for you an excellent pattern in Ibrhm and those with him, when they said to their people, "Indeed, we are disassociated from you and from whatever you worship other than Allah. We have denied you, and there has appeared between us and you animosity and hatred forever until you believe in Allah alone"} [Al-Mumtahanah: 4]. The example of Ibrhm  and those with him ­ meaning the prophets of Allah, as mentioned by the scholars of tafsr ­ which was praised by Allah as being an excellent example for us to follow, is for one to be prepared to reject his own people when they fall into kufr and shirk, and not to remain attached to them on account of tribal or blood ties. If this is the case with one's own people with whom a common lineage is shared, how much more so in the case of those with whom one shares nothing more than a superficial characteristic such as skin color! Thus, the correct way to approach the issue of racism from an Islamic perspective is to reassert the importance and significance of wal' and bar', and to state in clear and unequivocal terms that those who wage war against

Islam and the Muslims will not be spared on account of their skin color or ethnicity. The fate of a kfir waging war against the Muslims is one and the same across the entire racial spectrum ­ slaughter. The reason for this is simple: A Muslim's loyalty is determined, not by his skin color, his tribal affiliation, or his last name, but by his faith. He loves those whom Allah loves and hates those whom Allah hates. He forges alliances for the cause of Allah and breaks relations for the cause of Allah. The mufassir of the Ummah, `Abdullh Ibn `Abbs  said, "Love for the sake of Allah, hate for the sake of Allah, make allegiance for the sake of Allah, and make enemies for the sake of Allah, for the wilyah (loving guardianship) of Allah is not attained except by this. One will not find the taste of mn, even if his prayer and fasting is great, until he is like this" [Reported by Ibn alMubrak in "Az-Zuhd" and by al-Llik']. This statement of Ibn `Abbs echoes that made by the Prophet  when declaring wal' and bar' to be the strongest bond of faith. Al-Bar' Ibn `zib  said that they were sitting with the Prophet  when he  asked, "What bond of Islam is the strongest?" They said, "The prayer." He  said, "It is good, but it is not it." They said, "The zakh." He  said, "It is good, but it is not it." They said, "Fasting Ramadn." He  said, "It is good, but it is not it." They said, "The hajj." He  said, "It is good, but it is not it." They said, "Jihd." He  said, "It is good, but it is not it. Indeed, the strongest bond of Islam is to love for the sake of Allah and hate for the sake of Allah" [Reported by Imm Ahmad and others]. It was this principle ­ the strongest and most firm bond of Islam ­ that led Ab Bakr as-Siddq  to spend an enormous quantity of wealth in order to purchase the Ethiopian slave Bill  and set him free. When Bill's owner Umayyah ridiculed Ab Bakr at the conclusion of the transaction stating that he would have sold him for one tenth of the price they'd agreed on, Ab Bakr retorted that if Umayyah had demanded ten times the agreed price he would have paid it. Years later, Ab Bakr and 300 other Arabs would march forth in the Battle of Badr alongside the former Ethiopian slave striking the necks of their own people. That day would be referred thereafter as the Day of Furqn, the day that Allah divided between truth and falsehood at the hands of a people who slay and imprison their own people for the cause of Allah. No day before it made it more clear that all past affiliations were broken, leaving only one bond remaining ­ the bond between a believing Muslim and

dabiq 19

his brother, regardless of race or ethnicity. Thus, it was not strange to the believers to hear the Prophet  declare that his own father, as well as his closest uncle, Ab Tlib, were both disbelievers who would be punished by Allah in Hell, while also stating that he had heard Bill's footsteps in Jannah. And if one were to have any doubt that this firm bond is upheld by the soldiers and leaders of the Islamic State, they could simply look to 1400 Rfidah massacred by their fellow Iraqis and Arabs, or the countless spies dispatched to the Islamic State by the various nations of the world only to be executed by their fellow countrymen. Here in the Islamic State, all affiliations are null and void when they conflict with one's allegiance to Islam and the Muslims. So the Syrian mujhid doesn't hesitate to trample on the Syrian flag, and the American mujhid doesn't think twice about setting fire to the "star-spangled banner." The muhjirn and ansr have recognized that their strength is in their unity upon tawhd, not in any racial affiliations. Indeed, the pan-Arabism of the Baathist regimes ­ including those of Bashar, Saddam, and Nasser ­ is beneath the feet of the Arab mujhidn of the Khilfah, amongst whom are those who traveled as far as Khursn to sacrifice their blood and their wealth for the cause of Allah, and to defend their non-Arab brothers when the Russians first invaded several decades ago, and once more when the Americans invaded in "2001." Muslims from all over the Arab world likewise abandoned their homes, families, and comfortable lifestyles to answer the call of jihd in places as far away and obscure as the forests of Chechnya, the mountains of Bosnia, and the deserts of Mali. Their readiness to sacrifice for the sake of Allah to defend their non-Arab brothers is exemplified in the words of Shaykh Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw who once stated, "We perform jihd so that Allah's word becomes supreme and the religion becomes completely for Allah. {And fight them until there is no fitnah and [until] the religion, all of it, is for Allah} [Al-Anfl: 39]. Everyone who opposes this goal or stands in the path of this goal is an enemy to us and a target for our swords, whatever his name may be and whatever his lineage may be. We have a religion that Allah revealed to be a scale and a judge. Its statement is decisive and its judgment is not amusement. It is the kinship between us and the people, for our scales ­ by Allah's grace ­ are divine, our laws are Qur'nic, and our judgments are upon the prophetic tradition. The American Muslim is our beloved brother, and the kfir Arab is our despised enemy even if he and we were to have shared the same womb" [Al-Mawqif ash-Shar' Min Hukmat Karazay al-'Iraq].

Today, non-Arab Muslims come to the lands of the Khilfah in the heart of the Arab world from all corners of the earth and are received by their Arab brothers with enthusiasm, so they can stand together and wage war against the tawght, both Arab and non-Arab alike. Their fierce loyalty towards one another is rooted in their mn in Allah and their disbelief in the tght, and is exemplified in the following words of their amr, the Khalfah of the Muslims, Shaykh Ibrhm Ibn `Awwd al-Husayn. "O Muslims everywhere, glad tidings to you and expect good. Raise your head high, for today ­ by Allah's grace ­ you have a state and khilfah, which will return your dignity, might, rights, and leadership. It is a state where the Arab and non-Arab, the white man and black man, the easterner and westerner are all brothers. It is a khilfah that gathered the Caucasian, Indian, Chinese, Shm, Iraqi, Yemeni, Egyptian, Maghrib (North African), American, French, German, and Australian. Allah brought their hearts together, and thus, they became brothers by His grace, loving each other for the sake of Allah, standing in a single trench, defending and guarding each other, and sacrificing themselves for one another. Their blood mixed and became one, under a single flag and goal, in one pavilion, enjoying this blessing, the blessing of faithful brotherhood. If kings were to taste this blessing, they would abandon their kingdoms and fight over this grace. So all praise and thanks are due to Allah. Therefore, rush O Muslims to your state. Yes, it is your state. Rush, because Syria is not for the Syrians, and Iraq is not for the Iraqis. The earth is Allah's. {Indeed, the earth belongs to Allah. He causes to inherit it whom He wills of His servants. And the [best] outcome is for the righteous} [Al-A'rf: 128]. The state is a state for all Muslims. The land is for the Muslims, all the Muslims" [A Message to the Mujhidn and the Muslim Ummah in the Month of Ramadn]. Indeed, racism is a tool of Shaytn, which, like nationalism, is intended to divide and weaken the children of dam and prevent them from uniting upon the truth. For just as nationalists would never wage jihd beyond their borders to spread Islam to the corners of the earth and wipe out shirk, likewise racists would not be inclined to disavow any members of their race except for those whom they deem "self-hating," let alone fight them for the sake of raising high the word of Allah. The Muslim, however, does not accept the Ummah remaining divided in the name of petty concepts, for he recognizes that the only acceptable line of division is that which separates between a Muslim and a kfir, whereas any other course of division would only be a source of weakness.

20 ARTICLE

{And do not dispute and [thus] lose courage and [then] your strength would depart} [Al-Anfl: 46]. It's important to note that the forces of kufr and apostasy have understood that they are further weakened when divided. As such, they regularly hasten to set aside their differences for the sake of waging war against the truth, for just as Shaytn incites the children of dam to split and divide along racial, ethnic, and tribal lines in order to divert them from maintaining the firm bond of wal' and bar', so too does he incite them to set aside such petty differences for the sake of uniting them in waging war

against Islam. His incitement of the kuffr and tawght to that end has today culminated in the formation of an alliance of over 60 nations to fight the Islamic State! And as Allah informs us, the answer to any coalition of disbelievers seeking to wage war against Islam and the Muslims is for the Ummah to strengthen its wal' and bar'. {And those who disbelieved are allies of one another. If you do not do so, there will be fitnah on earth and great corruption} [Al-Anfl: 73]. So let every Muslim who wishes to taste the sweetness of
wal' and bar' follow the example of Ibrhm  and declare enmity towards the kuffr amongst his own people ­ whether black, white, Arab, or non-Arab
­ and then march forth and wage war against them with whatever means are available to him.

dabiq 21

The repeated events of Syrians and Libyans dying on the shores of Turkey, Libya, and Italy, or even on the highways of Austria, is one that should awaken the heart into reflecting upon the issue of hijrah. {Indeed, those whom the angels take [in death] while wronging themselves ­ [the angels] will say, "In what [condition] were you?" They will say, "We were oppressed in the land." The angels will say, "Was not the earth of Allah spacious [enough] for you to emigrate therein?" For those, their refuge is Hell ­ and evil it is as a destination. Except for the oppressed among men, women and children who cannot devise a plan nor are they directed to a way ­ For those it is expected that Allah will pardon them, and Allah is ever Pardoning and Forgiving} [An-Nis: 97-99].
Raslullh  said, "Allah b does not accept any deed
from a mushrik after he accepts Islam until he departs from the mushrikn and goes to the Muslims" [Reported by anNas' and Ibn Mjah on the authority of Mu'wiyah Ibn Haydah].1 Although the obligation of hijrah is clear, a mistake is regularly committed by claimants of Islam, and that is in choosing their destination for "hijrah." They always choose the lands of the Christians for their destination. But after the establishment of the prophetic state, hijrah was to alMadnah not al-Habashah. And during the Umaw and `Abbs rule, hijrah was to the lands of the khilfah not Rome and Constantinople. And with the revival of Islam's state, hijrah is to the wilyt of the Khilfah, not to Nusayr, Rfid, Sahwah, or PKK territory, nor to America, Europe, and their tght allies. Hijrah is an obligation from drul-kufr to Drul-Islm. Ibn Qudmah, for example, said, "Chapter on Hijrah: Hijrah is to abandon drul-kufr for Drul-Islm." He then quoted the verses referenced earlier and other proofs. He then said, "The ruling of hijrah will remain and will not cease until Resurrection Day" [Al-Mughn]. Ibnul-Qayyim  said that "if the laws of Islam are not
1 See also pages 28-29 of issue #8 and pages 25-34 of issue #3.
22 ARTICLE

implemented somewhere, it is not Drul-Islm" [Ahkm Ahl adh-Dhimmah]. This is evident, as the Sahbah did not consider the lands overcome by the false prophets or the resistance against zakh to be anything but drul-harb. The fuqah' after them did not consider the lands ruled by the Tatar or `Ubayd rulers to be Drul-Islm, for although these rulers claimed Islam and ruled by some of its laws, they committed apostasy by abandoning some of its laws or teachings. Accordingly, moving to the lands of l Sall or the Sahwt is not hijrah, as the rulers of these lands ­ in addition to them allying with the crusaders and apostates against Islam ­ abandon and resist many of the laws of the Shar'ah. There is no wl' and bar' there except on a nationalist basis. Sadly, some Syrians and Libyans are willing to risk the lives and souls of those whom they are responsible to raise upon the Shar'ah ­ their children ­ sacrificing many of them during the dangerous trip to the lands of the warwaging crusaders ruled by laws of atheism and indecency. Although most of these families leave from drul-kufr ­ Sahwah, PKK, or regime territory ­ to the crusaders' lands, the possibility of families leaving the Khilfah for America or Europe in pursuit of the Duny is a matter that should bring focus to the ruling of abandoning DrulIslm for drul-kufr. Therefore, it should be known that voluntarily leaving Drul-Islm for drul-kufr is a dangerous major sin, as it is a passage towards kufr and a gate towards one's children and grandchildren abandoning Islam for Christianity, atheism, or liberalism. If one's children and grandchildren don't fall into kufr, they are under the constant threat of fornication, sodomy, drugs, and alcohol. If they don't fall into sin, they will forget the language of the Qur'n ­ Arabic ­ which they were surrounded by in Shm, Iraq, Libya, and elsewhere, making the return to the religion and its teachings more difficult. There are several narrations in the Sunnah on the prohibition of going back to one's homeland after hijrah, a case similar to that of abandoning Drul-Islm for drul-kufr.

Many Syrians died on the road to drul-kufr
Ibn Mas'd  said, "The taker, giver, and contractor of rib ­ if they know the deal is rib ­ as well as the giver and receiver of tattoos for beauty, the abandoner of zakh, and the revert to being a Bedouin after hijrah are all cursed upon the tongue of Muhammad  until Resurrection Day" [Reported by an-Nas' from Ibn Mas'd]. The Prophet  said, "The muhjir can stay three days in Makkah after completing his [`Umrah or Hajj] rites" [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim from al-`Al' Ibn alHadram]. `Al Ibn Ab Tlib  said, "Indeed, the major sins are seven." The people were noisy, so he repeated his statement three times and then said, "Will you not ask me about them?" They said, "O Amrul-Mu'minn, what are they?" He replied, "Shirk, murder, defaming the chaste woman, taking the wealth of the orphan, taking rib, fleeing from battle, and going back to the desert as a Bedouin after hijrah" [Reported by at-Tabar in his tafsr]. Al-Qd `Iyd said, "The Ummah has ijm' on the prohibition of the muhjir abandoning his hijrah and returning to his homeland and that the muhjir going back to being a Bedouin is a major sin" [Sharh Sahh Muslim ­ an-Nawaw]. Ibn Hajar said while commenting on the hadth of al`Al' Ibn al-Hadram quoted above, "From the fiqh of this hadth is that residence in Makkah was harm for those who performed hijrah from it before the Conquest of Makkah. But it was permissible for one who intended it for Hajj or `Umrah to remain there for not more than three days after completing his rites" [Fath al-Br]. It is important to note that in the hadth of Ibn Mas'd 

quoted above as well as in the discussion between Salamah Ibn al-Akwa'  and al-Hajjj on becoming a Bedouin after hijrah [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim], in addition to other ahdth and thr, returning to the desert as a Bedouin is referred to with the word root of "riddah." Ibn al-Athr commented, "They [the Salaf ] used to consider the person who after his hijrah returns to his homeland without excuse like a murtadd" [An-Nihyah]. This is probably because such a person ­ in some regards ­ forsakes aspects of Islam including hearing, obeying, jam'ah, jihd, masjid, etc. And according to some scholars, moving to drul-kufr from Drul-Islm is apostasy, whereas others confirm that it borders apostasy. Ibn Hazm said, "If he moves there [the lands of the crusaders and pagans] for the sake of what he might acquire from duny but lives there like a dhimm ­ despite being able to join the body of the Muslims and reach their land ­ then his deed is not far from kufr and we find no excuse for him" [Al-Muhall]. Al-Hasan Ibn Hayy (died 169AH) said, "If a man moves to drul-harb without apostatizing from Islam, he is a murtadd for abandoning Drul-Islm" [Mukhtasar Ikhtilf al-`Ulam' ­ at-Tahw]. Going back to drul-kufr is certainly a major sin that can reach the level of apostasy if it entails, for example, voluntarily moving to a land where the person will be forced into kufr, as the excuse of coercion is not valid when the individual brings this condition upon himself. Similarly is the case if he agrees to stipulations of kufr ­ such as cooperating with the kuffr against the Muslims ­ so as to be permitted entry into drul-kufr. This is kufr even if he does not go through with his promise. {Have you not considered those who practice hypocrisy, saying to their brothers who have disbelieved among the People of the Book, "If you are expelled, we will surely leave with you, and we will not obey, in regard to you, anyone ­ ever; and if you are fought, we will surely aid you." But Allah testifies that they are liars. If they are expelled, they will not leave with them, and if they are fought, they will not aid them. And [even] if they should aid them, they will surely turn their backs; then [thereafter] they will not be aided} [Al-Hashr: 11-12]. And there are many other acts of kufr that one can potentially fall into when travelling to drul-kufr. May Allah facilitate for the Muslims hijrah to the Khilfah despite the plots of the crusaders and the apostates.

dabiq 23

Rabbani - From the Afghan war to the embrace of the Rfidah

I brhm at-Taym  (died 92AH) said, "Who can be safe of tribulation after the Khall of Allah, Ibrhm  said, O Lord {and keep me and my sons away from worshipping idols} [Ibrhm: 35]" [Reported by at-Tabar in his tafsr]. Umm Salamah  was asked, "What was the most repeated du'' of Allah's Messenger  when he was with you?" She responded, "His most repeated du'' was, `O turner of the hearts, keep my heart firm upon Your religion.'" She said that she asked him, "O Allah's Messenger,

why is your most repeated du'': `O turner of the hearts, keep my heart firm upon Your religion'?" He responded, "O Umm Salamah, there is not a single human except his heart is between two fingers of Allah's fingers. So whomever He wills He makes upright. And whomever He wills He leaves astray" [Hasan: Reported by at-Tirmidh]. Ibn Ab Mulaykah  said, "I met thirty of the Companions of the Prophet . All of them would fear hypocrisy for themselves" [Quoted by al-Bukhr in his sahh].

`Umar  said, "We almost committed kufr in a single morning if not that Allah saved us through Ab Bakr as-Siddq " [Reported by Ibn Battah in "Al-Ibnah al-Kubr"]. This was the attitude of the Salaf. Then generations came thereafter infected with the disease of irj' to the point that some dared to claim that their faith was equal to that of Jibrl! They did not fear minor hypocrisy, never mind major hypocrisy, never mind blatant apostasy. They were certain they were righteous, and certain they were sincere, and therefore their

24 HISTORY

deeds would certainly be accepted, and thereafter they would certainly have a pious ending! May Allah protect our hearts and deeds from hypocrisy and pride. And so, for the sake of clarification, in these pages of history we briefly present a list of militants1 and even "mujhidn" who fell into blatant apostasy by either siding with the crusaders or the tawght against the mujhidn or entering into the religion of parliaments and tght presidencies. Thereafter, one should not be surprised when he sees the various factions in Shm or elsewhere siding with the Sahwah, the tawght, or the crusaders, against the Islamic State.
Afghanistan
The Western agent Ahmad Shah Massoud
Abdul Rasul Sayyaf (former head of the "Islamic Union for the Liberation of Afghanistan," now a member of the tght parliament), Burhanuddin Rabbani (former head of the "Islamic Society of Afghanistan," died chairman of the Afghan High Peace Council), and Ahmad Shah Massoud (former military commander, died commander of the "United Islamic Front"), were all former leaders of the major factions that fought against the communist Russians and thereafter against the communist Afghans. All three fought alongside `Abdullh `Azzm and were formerly praised by him in his speeches and letters. After the collapse of the communist Afghan regime, they together along with others established the so-called "Islamic State of Afghanistan" in "1992." This "state" would later organize the "United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan" AKA the "Afghan Northern Alliance," which fought on behalf of the crusaders and tawght, this becoming most manifest after the blessed operations of September 11th.

Tajikistan
Abdullo Nuri (former head of the "Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan") fought against the communists of Tajikstan. Amr Khattb of Chechnya  himself came to Tajikistan for jihd and fought alongside various groups there, including those allied with Nuri. Nuri's group later signed a peace treaty with the communist apostates. The party then became a major member of the tght parliament, thereby apostatizing from Islam.
Libya
Abdelhakim Belhadj (Ab `Abdillh as-Sdiq), Abdel Wahab Qaid (Ab Idrs al-Lb), Abdel-Hakim alHasidi, Sm Mustaf as-S'id (Abul-Mundhir asS'id), were all former members of the "Libyan Islamic Fighting Group" whose leadership was based in Afghanistan before September 11th and whose fighters executed numerous operations in Libya against the tght Gaddafi and his apostate regime. Many of these leaders had once accompanied Shaykh Usmah Ibn Ldin  in Afghanistan. After the collapse of the Taliban emirate, the leaders of the "Libyan Fighting Group" were captured by the crusaders and later handed over to and released by the crusader puppet Gaddafi. These former jihd leaders would later join the tght parliament and partake in the shirk elections after fighting in the war against the tght Gaddafi in "2011."
Somalia
Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was the chief commander of the Islamic Courts Union in "2006." During this time, he fought against the tght Transitional Federal Government of the Republic of Somalia. After the fall of Mogadishu to the African crusaders and the Somali apostates, he fled, only to return to Somalia, run in its shirk elections, and become its tght president,

1 Note: Some of the individuals and factions that will be mentioned never fought for Allah's cause to begin with ­ similar to the condition of many of the factions in Shm ­ and yet some of the ignorant consider them "mujhidn" just because they fought against crusaders, communists, and other kuffr for nationalist reasons.

The murtadd Abdelhakim Belhadj
dabiq 25

thereby ruling by manmade laws from "2009" to "2012." He continues to be an ally of the American crusaders.
Iraq
Ali Bapir (former head of the "Islamic Group in Kurdistan"), Mahmoud al-Mashhadani (a former shar'2 and top leader in Ansr al-Islm), Sa'dn alQd Ab W'il (former shar' head of Ansr al-Islm), Muhammad Husayn al-Jubr Ab Sajjd (a former leader of Ansr al-Islm), Amn as-Sab' Ab Khadjah (former head of the "Islamic Army"), Abul-`Abd of al-`miriyyah (a former commander of the "Islamic Army"), Ab `Azzm at-Tamm (a former leader in the "Islamic Army"), Muhammad Hardn Ab Sa'd (former head of the "Army of Mujhidn"), and Haqq Ism'l ash-Shrtn (a former commander of the "Army of Mujhidn"). These various leaders took part in the jihd in Iraq. Ali Bapir took part in the jihd against the tght Saddam and the murtadd peshmerga before the American invasion of Iraq. Once the American invasion began, he cooperated with the crusader-backed peshmerga against the mujhidn in Kurdistan and then joined the tght parliament. The other figures all took part in the jihd against the American crusaders before some of them ended up in crusader prisons and formed an agreement with the Americans to halt the war against the crusaders only to wage war solely against the "Khawrij." They were subsequently released and convinced their various parties and subordinates to partake in this treachery.3 This was the first Iraqi Sahwah whose blatant apostasy al-Q'idah and even Dhawhir himself warned against on several occasions before Dhawhir becoming a pawn in the hands of the Syrian Sahwah.
Egypt
Mohamed Abu Samra, Kamal Habib, Nabil Na'eem, Karam Zuhd, Abbud al-Zumar, Tarek al-Zumar, Njih Ibrhm, Usmah Hfidh, `sim `Abdil-Mjid, `Ism Dirblah, `Abdul-khir al-Ghunaym, and Usmah Rushd were all former leaders of the "Egyptian Islamic Group" or the "Egyptian Jihad Group." Both groups had performed jihd against the tght and murtadd forces of Egypt. All of these leaders renounced their former beliefs and partook in the Egyptian elections after the fall of the tght Mubarak by forming and supporting political parties including the "Building
2 The term is used to indicate the person is responsible for the fatw, da'wah, and courts of a group. 3 Ansr al-Islm refused to partake in this Sahwah, so Sa'dn and al-Jubr split from the group and formed their own group named "Ansr as-Sunnah ­ the Shar' Committee."
26 ARTICLE

The murtadd Mahmoud al-Mashhadani The murtadd Abbud al-Zumar

The murtadd Sharif Sheikh Ahmed The murtadd Ali Bapir

The Russian agent Ramzan Kadyrov

and Development Party," which became the political arm of the "Egyptian Islamic Group," the "Islamic Party" (the "Peace and Development Party"), the "Democratic Jihad Party," as well as others...
Chechnya
Akhmad Kadyrov, Ramzan Kadyrov, Akhmed Zakayev, Ilyas Akhmadov, Sulim Yamadayev, Ruslan Yamadayev, and Dzhabrail Yamadayev were all former nationalist, militant leaders who fought in the First Chechen War against the same Russian crusaders whom Amr Khattb and Shamil Basayev  also fought against. Akhmed Zakayev and Ilyas Akhmadov later backed the Western crusaders in the media against the mujhidn. The others all sided militarily with the Russian crusaders against the mujhidn in the Second Chechen War. They essentially became a Chechen Sahwah.
Palestine
The various leaders and branches of Hamas have claimed to be performing "jihd" against the Jews for years. The reality though is this militia is a nationalist entity actively adopting democracy as a means of change since "2005." It entered in municipal, presidential, and legislative elections, partaking in the legislation and execution of manmade laws. This democratic ideology was propagated by its leadership even before "2005" since the days of Ahmed Yassin. He was asked in an interview, "The Palestinian people want a democratic state. Why do you oppose this?" He replied, "I also want a democratic multi-party state in which authority is for those who win the elections." He was then asked, "If the communist party wins the elections, what

will be your position?" He responded, "Even if the communist party wins the elections, I will respect the desire of the Palestinian people." He was then asked, "If it becomes clear from the elections that the Palestinian people want a democratic multi-party state, what will be your position then?" He responded, "Wallhi, we are a people with dignity and rights. If the Palestinian people express their refusal of an Islamic state, then I will respect and glorify their desire and wish" [Ahmad Ysn adh-Dhhirah al-Mu'jizah ­ Ahmad Ibn Ysuf: 116, 118].
Conclusion
These examples are a small selection from a lengthy list. May Allah keep our hearts upon tawhd and free of shirk until we meet Him while He is pleased with us. mn.
The tght of Gaza and the tght of Turkey

dabiq 27

A SELECTION OF MILITARY OPERATIONS
ACROSS THE ISLAMIC STATE
As the soldiers of the Khilfah continue waging war on the forces of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations conducted by the mujhidn of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expanding the territory of the Khilfah or simply terrorizing, massacring, and humiliating the enemies of Allah. These operations are merely a selection of the numerous operations which the Islamic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last two months.

Wilyat Najd ­ On Thursday, Ramadn 29, our brother Ab `Umar an-Najd set out on a mission armed with an explosive belt and an assault rifle. He first targeted and killed his uncle, Colonel Rshid Ibrhm as-Sufayyn, who served in the Interior Ministry of l Sall, and then made his way towards al-H'ir Prison. He detonated his explosive belt at the checkpoint for one of the prison's entrances and succeeded in killing and wounding at least 15 murtadd policemen. May Allah accept him amongst the shuhad'.
Targeting a vessel belonging to the murtadd Egyptian navy

Wilyat Sayn' ­ On Thursday, Ramadn 29, the soldiers of the Khilfah succeeded in destroying a ship belonging to the murtadd Egyptian navy in the Mediterranean Sea north of Rafah. They targeted the vessel with a guided missile and succeeded in completely destroying it and killing those inside. Wilyat Dayl ­ On Friday, Shawwl 1, in revenge for the Rfid massacre of Ahlus-Sunnah in al-Hawjah in Wilyat Karkk, an istishhd operation was carried out by our brother Ab Ruqayyah al-Ansr with a vehicle carrying three tons of explosives. He targeted a gathering of Rfid militia fighters near the Rfid temple "ar-Rasl al-A'dham," and detonated his vehicle in their midst, killing and wounding more than 180 of them and creating extensive damage at the site of the explosion. May Allah accept our brother amongst the shuhad'. Wilyat Dimashq ­ On Thursday, Shawwl 21, three istishhd operations were carried out after the mujhidn succeeded in stealthily advancing to the heart of the city of al-Qaryatayn. The operations targeted three Nusayr checkpoints at the entrance to the city, including the northern checkpoint, the Furn checkpoint, and the Nd checkpoint. This was followed by fierce clashes

A direct hit on the vessel
28 REPORT

A Shilka captured as ghnmah during the battle to liberate al-Qaryatayn

in which several Nusayr soldiers were killed, with the mujhidn capturing light, medium, and heavy weapons as ghanmah. The battle ended with the soldiers of the Khilfah liberating and taking complete control of the city. Wilyat Halab ­ On Tuesday, Shawwl 26, a unit of Islamic State inghimsiyyn carried out an attack on the Abul-`Abbs base in the city of Mri' where a number of murtaddn from the Shu'aytt Sahwah who had fled from Wilyat al-Khayr were present. The inghimsiyyn, by Allah's grace, succeeded in killing everyone inside the base, with the number of dead reaching 50. They then made their way towards another group of Sahwah murtaddn inside the city, attacking them and detonating their explosive belts in their midst, killing and wounding dozens of them. Amongst those killed were a number of Sahwah leaders, including `Abdul-Karm Ziyd al-Khatb, Muhammad Samr Haraybilah, Husayn Muhammad `Abdullh Hfidh, Ynus Sharf, Mamdh Mustaf `Abbs, and Husayn Farrh. Wilyat Baghdad ­ On Thursday, Shawwl 28, the soldiers of the Khilfah detonated a car bomb in the midst of a gathering of Safaw soldiers and Rfid Mobilization fighters in one of their strongholds in Sadr City in the eastern part of Baghdad, killing approximately 90 of them and wounding 200. Wilyat al-Anbr ­ On Thursday, Dhul-Qa'dah 12, in revenge for our brother Ab Rd al-Ansr, the amr of the region of Jazrat al-Khlidiyyah who was killed in the battles in the region of al-B `thah, 6 soldiers of the Khilfah set out with four explosive vehicles and two medium-caliber machine guns towards the main operations base north of ar-Ramd in the region of atTarrh located near ath-Tharthr. The six inghimsiyyn were Ab Hamzah al-Ghazzw, Abud-Dard' at-Tnus, Ab Muqtil al-Almn, Ab Muhammad al-Jazrw, Abul-Frq ash-Shm, and Ab Anas at-Tjk. They succeeded, by Allah's grace, in reaching their targets and detonating their vehicles, blowing up the murtaddn's base and killing and wounding dozens of officers and soldiers, including the murtadd Major General `AbdurRahmn Ab Raghf, the deputy commander of Anbr operations, as well as the murtadd Brigadier General Safn `Abdul-Majd, commander of the 10th Division. May Allah accept our brothers amongst the shuhad'. Wilyat Barqah ­ The Islamic State has re-entered the city of Darnah, waging a fierce battle against the treacherous Sahwah factions in the city. The soldiers of the Khilfah recently succeeded in taking control of the

A dead Sahwah fighter killed by the mujhidn advancing on the city of Mri'

Shaykh Ab Hassn al-Khath'am (may Allah accept him) - Martyred in the battle to liberate al-Qaryatayn, with the battle subsequently being named after him

The funeral for two senior Safaw commanders killed by the soldiers of the Khilfah

The soldiers of the Khilfah bombard the murtaddn west of Bj with Grad rockets

dabiq 29

eastern coast region of Darnah, and capturing one of the main Sahwah bases in the city. Wilyat Salhuddn ­ The soldiers of the Khilfah have succeeded in reasserting their control over the majority of the city of Bj. Recent months saw large areas of the city and its surrounding regions falling to the murtaddn due to the intense level of airstrikes carried out by Crusader warplanes. The mujhidn, however, remained entrenched in the city, withstanding and repelling one Safaw advance after another while launching frequent assaults of their own, culminating in a major operation dubbed "The Battle of Shaykh Ab Khattb ash-Shayhw (may Allah accept him)." The mujhidn succeeded in driving back the murtaddn and reclaiming all areas of the city that they had lost, with the Safawiyyn subsequently withdrawing from the region and leaving numerous weapons behind to be taken as ghanmah. Egypt ­ On Thursday, Dhul-Qa'dah 5, the soldiers of the Khilfah targeted the murtadd Egyptian national security agency building in the region of Shubral-Khaymah in the heart of Cairo by detonating a car bomb next to the building thereby inflicting the tght with losses in their property and personnel. The operation was carried out in revenge for the shuhad' of the battle of `Arab Sharkas and all of the shuhad' of the Muslims. Wilyat Dimashq ­ This month, the soldiers of the Khilfah made a steady and persistent advance through the Qadam neighborhood of Dimashq over the course of several days. They assaulted a number of Sahwah bases and took control of several buildings in which Sahwah fighters were entrenched, killing and wounding dozens of them and forcing the rest to flee in defeat. The mujhidn continue

to advance against the Sahwah forces in Qadam in a bid to capture the entire area, which would place the Islamic State just a stone's throw from the heart of Dimashq. Wilyat Halab ­ The past month has seen a major advance by the Islamic State in the Halab countryside towards the Sahwah stronghold of Mri'. In a campaign dubbed "The Battle to Free the Prisoners," the soldiers of the Khilfah succeeded in capturing a number of villages in the region surrounding Mri', including the villages of Harbal, Harjalah, Umm Hawsh, al-Wahshiyyah, Talllayn, Shaykh `s, Kaljabrayn, and Sandaf, as well as the Mri' grain silos. With the city of Mri' surrounded on three sides, the soldiers of the Khilfah have tightened the noose on the Sahwah factions allied to the crusaders and tawght. Wilyat Halab ­ The soldiers of the Khilfah, by Allah's grace, succeeded in capturing several buildings inside the Kuwayris military airbase in a major operation that took place on the morning of Sunday the 24th of Shawwl. The operation began with our brother Ab `Abdullh ashShm carrying out an istishhd attack with an explosive tank targeting a building inside the airbase in which Nusayr soldiers were entrenched. This was followed by a second istishhd attack with an explosive vehicle, after which a unit of Islamic State inghimsiyyn advanced forward. The soldiers of the Khilfah clashed with the murtaddn as Nusayr warplanes heavily bombarded their positions, and the gun battles ended with the mujhidn taking control of several buildings inside the airbase. The successful operation is part of a larger campaign to capture the Kuwayris military airbase in its entirety. May Allah accept our istishhd brothers amongst the shuhad'.

The soldiers of the Khilfah advance in the Qadam neighborhood of Dimashq
30 REPORT

Imposing the jizyah on the Christians of al-Qaryatayn after liberating the city

dabiq 31

32 REPORT

dabiq 33

[On Thursday the 21st of Shawwl, an istishhd operation was conducted by the soldiers of the Khilfah in Wilyat al-Hijz. Our brother Ab Sinn an-Najd (may Allah accept him) targeted the l Sall Emergency Task Force, which plays a major role in detaining the muwahhidn, thereby securing the rule of the tawght and their crusader masters. He succeeded in penetrating multiple layers of security and entering one of their training camps in the city of Abh in the region of `Asr where he detonated his explosive belt, killing and wounding dozens of them. The following are his final words which were released in an audio statement, containing a message to the enemies of Islam, as well as a message to his brothers fighting for the cause of Allah.] All praise be to Allah, the Strong, the Mighty. May Allah's peace and blessings be upon the one sent with the sword as a mercy to mankind. As for what follows: Allah  said, {O you who have believed, fight those adjacent to you of the disbelievers and let them find in you harshness. And know that Allah is with the righteous} [At-Tawbah: 123]. Allah  also said, {You will not find a people who believe in Allah and the Last Day having affection for those who oppose Allah and His Messenger, even if they were their fathers or their sons or their brothers or their kindred. Those ­ He has decreed within their hearts faith and supported them with spirit from Him. And We will admit them to gardens beneath which rivers flow, wherein they abide eternally. Allah is pleased with them,
34 REPORT

The Rfid mushrikn of the Arabian Peninsula The Rfidah and their religion are protected by l Sall The tawght of l Sall console their murtadd soldiers

The tght Salmn l Sall, like his father and his brothers before him, is a staunch ally of the crusaders

and they are pleased with Him ­ those are the party of Allah. Unquestionably, the party of Allah ­ they are the successful} [Al-Hashr: 22]. My first message is to l Sall. By Allah, we have come to you with the sons of Ab `Ubaydah. By Allah! By Allah! You will not enjoy safety and security, and you will not have a comfortable life as long as you wage war against Islam and the Muslims and remain as tails of the West, which plays around with you as it pleases. Your coalition with the Majs and the Crusaders against Ahlus-Sunnah in Iraq and Shm is the biggest witness against you. And as for you, O soldiers of the tght who serve to secure his throne, by Allah, you will not enjoy a pleasant life as long as you serve as guards for the one whose planes, together with the West, bomb our brothers, and as long as you serve as his minions, imprisoning our brothers and sisters, waging war against Ahlus-Sunnah and making peace with the Rfidah. So receive glad tidings of that which will ruin your lives. By Allah, you will not be safe, O soldier, neither in your home nor on the streets. We will lie in wait for you at every place of ambush. We have come to you with men who love death just as you love life, and race one another to fight you just as you compete with one another to attain higher positions, O you cowards. My second message is to the zealous lions. Allah  said, as per the recitation of Khalaf from Hamzah, {Indeed, Allah has purchased from the believers their lives and their properties [in exchange] for that they will have Paradise. They fight in the cause of Allah, so they are killed and they kill. [It is] a true promise [binding]

upon Him in the Tawrh and the Injl and the Qur'n. And who is truer to his covenant than Allah? So rejoice in your transaction which you have contracted. And it is that which is the great attainment} [At-Tawbah: 111]. Sell your lives to Allah, the Mighty and Sublime. Strike with istishhd operations and explosive belts! These istishhd operations have proven their benefit and have produced their fruits. Their benefit has become widespread, and they have become a source of calamity and destruction for the crusaders and their corrupt supporters, and they are more harmful than rifles and machine guns. They have planted terror in their hearts, so much so that the enemies of Allah are now afraid of everything and wait for death to come to them from every direction. In addition to that, they result in the least amount of loss out of all the shar' methods of fighting, while at the same time being the most effective. This is the advice that I wished to convey to my brothers in the Peninsula of Muhammad . {And Allah is predominant over His affair, but most of the people do not know} [Yusuf: 21].
The soldiers of l Sall being trained by their crusader allies

dabiq 35

36 HIKMAH

dabiq 37

Ab Ja'far  was very beloved amongst the brothers. He was always friendly and ready to help at all times, forever having a smile on his face for his brothers.

He grew up in an environment rampant with crime and corruption, but despite that, he never went through a period of jhiliyyah. He was raised as a practicing Muslim from his childhood. Through the Muslims living around him, he learned of Amr Khattb and other mujhidn of the Qawqz region early on. From then on, he always had an inner longing to become a mujhid. As a young adult he was very active in giving da'wah to youngsters in his neighborhood, and also performed Hajj at a relatively young age to draw closer to Allah . This led to him being nicknamed "Hajj" (something he did not request, but which was part of the Turkish culture surrounding him). Everyone knew him by this name and people loved him because he would give each individual the respect he deserved. While pursuing his studies in engineering, he witnessed the injustice and oppression of the Nusayriyyah against Ahlus-Sunnah in Shm, which led him to abandon his studies and emigrate to Shm without delay. Upon arriving in Shm prior to the announcement of the Islamic State, he joined the group "Majlis Shr alMujhidn," which at the time was led by Abl-Athr (hafidhahullh) and his brother Ab Muhammad al-`Abs  and which subsequently gave bay'ah as a group to Amrul-Mu'minn Ab Bakr al-Baghdd (hafidhahullh). Since then, he spent his life in ribt and qitl on the frontlines. He performed ribt against Asad's soldiers in Khntmn as well as Lrmn and together with the soldiers of the Islamic State he repelled their advance on Kafr Hamrah. He thereafter went to as-Sikak (the railroads) for ribt and while there, a German brother named

Ab Zakariyy received a head injury. Ab Ja'far risked his life to pull him out of the battle zone and bring him back to base to be treated. In Khntmn, he waited patiently with the other soldiers of the Islamic State to start assaulting the Nusayriyyah there, but a few days before the Sahwah treachery he went back to Kafr Hamrah to take care of some personal affairs. Then, on "3 January 2014," the Sahwt began fighting the Islamic State. Ab Ja'far thereupon fought against Khlid Hayyn's group in Huraytn, then against the Sahwah in Bshkoy, and was one of the last to leave Huraytn for I'zz with the German brothers of the Islamic State under the leadership of Ab Ka'b . From I'zz they continued fighting their way towards the city of al-Bb, where he also performed ribt. Upon their arrival in al-Bb he was posted with the other German brothers at the Frq Dam (formerly the "Tishrn" Dam), where they participated in the liberation of Sirrn as well as the silos there which were formerly under the control of the filthy PKK and Liw' Thuwwr ar-Raqqah. Thereafter, he went with his brother to al-Khayr to fight against the Sahwah factions and the Shu'aytt tribe. After the liberation of al-Khayr from the Sahwah, he went to `Ayn al-Islm, where he became known for his courage. He was once in a house that

got bombed by the coalition planes and everyone thought that he had been killed, but a brother dragged him out of the rubble and Ab Ja'far directly went on storming towards the PKK to fight them. But a few days later, after the other German brothers with him had either been injured or killed, he as well finally reaped what he was yearning for ­ shahdah for the cause of Allah. It happened during a major assault by the soldiers of the Islamic State on the atheist Kurdish factions, during which the coalition planes would come to assist these factions. Thus, the brother was buried a second time under the rubble. After having received shahdah, the PKK atheists dragged his body out of the debris and presented him to the world as if they were the ones who had killed him as well as many others. But Allah knows the reality of their false claims, and our killed soldiers are in the gardens of Paradise while their dead soldiers are in the dungeons of Hellfire. When hearing brothers expressing their desire to do something significant for the cause of Allah, Ab Ja'far would say, "Don't talk about it, just do it." He never abandoned qiym al-layl and always recited the Qur'n, as well as the morning and evening adhkr. May Allah accept Ab Ja'far and all the other soldiers of the Islamic State who gave their wealth, blood, and lives to establish, protect, and expand this Khilfah.

38 SHUHAD`

dabiq 39

40 TO OUR SISTERS

Indeed, when Allah obligated jihd for His cause upon his male slaves and placed a tremendous reward in it not found in other duties, some women became jealous and envious. So the Mother of the Believers, Umm Salamah  asked the Prophet , according to the hadth of Mujhid, "O Messenger of Allah, the men go out to battle and we do not go out to battle..." So Allah  revealed: {And do not wish for that by which Allah has made some of you exceed others} [An-Nis': 32], as reported by atTirmidh and others. Still, the absence of an obligation of jihd and war upon the Muslim woman ­ except in defense against someone attacking her ­ does not overturn her role in building the Ummah, producing men, and sending them out to the fierceness of battle. Therefore, I write this article for my Muslim sister, the wife of a mujhid and the mother of lion cubs. Allah  said, {But among them is he who says, "Our Lord, give us good in this duny and good in the Hereafter and protect us from the punishment of the Fire." Those will have a share of what they have earned, and Allah is swift in account} [Al-Baqarah: 201-202]. According to `Al Ibn Ab Tlib , {good in this duny} refers to "the righteous wife" [Zd al-Masr]. Thawbn said, "When the revelation concerning silver and gold came down, they said, `So what wealth should we seek to possess?' `Umar said, `I will find out for you.' He then rode quickly on a camel and reached him while I was on his heels. So he said, `O Messenger of Allah, what wealth should we seek to possess?' He said, `Let one of you possess a thankful heart, a tongue that remembers Allah, and a wife that helps him in the matter of the Hereafter'" [Hasan: Reported by Imm Ahmad and Ibn Mjah]. May my father, mother, and myself be sacrificed in defense of Allah's Messenger, who was bestowed with comprehensive speech: "A wife that helps him in the matter of the Hereafter," the Hereafter, the important matter, the ultimate goal, and the concern of the intelligent, discerning believer. How eloquent is the statement of the woman who said to her spouse when she saw him worried one day, "Why are you sad? Is it because of the Duny, then Allah has finished decreeing it. Or is it because of the Hereafter? In which case may Allah increase you in worry!" And you, O sister in Islam, O wife of a mujhid, your

husband is one whom the world today agreed upon waging war against. My sister, do you know who the mujhid is? A man who turned his back on the Duny and went out seeking his death so that the Ummah may live. And I think that on the day he came forward to marry you, if he was not a mujhid then, he was a mujhid in the making. At the very least, you were aware of his methodology and creed, and you knew what type of life he sought to live. And if he was a deviant sitting back from jihd at the time, he has repented to Allah, and Allah is more joyed by the repentance of His slave than a man who wakes up and finds his camel next to him after losing it in the desert! So why do we find some of the mujhidn's wives complaining about their lives? If she hears of an imminent battle that he will be in, she gets angry. If she sees him putting on war armor, she gets upset. If he goes out for ribt, she gets in a bad mood. If he returns late, she complains. O my sister, who deluded you and told you that the life of jihd is one of comfort and ease? Do you not love jihd and its people? Please listen. Indeed you are in jihd when you await the return of your husband patiently, anticipating Allah's reward, and making du'' for him and those with him to attain victory and consolidation. You are in jihd when you uphold your loyalty to him in his absence. You are in jihd when you teach his children the difference between the truth and falsehood, between right and wrong. Indeed, you, my precious sister, are today the wife of a mujhid, and tomorrow you might be the wife of a shahd, or an injured fighter, or a prisoner ­ so how ready is your supply of patience and steadfastness? If you are discontent and complain in times of ease and comfort, how will you be in times of hardship and affliction?! Will you be patient if he returns to you being carried with his blood pouring, or do you want your husband only when he is well? Ibn Kathr  said, "The scholars of tafsr and history, as well as others, said that Ayyb  was a wealthy man who possessed many different types of wealth, including livestock, slaves, cattle, and ample land in the region of al-Buthaynah in the land of Hrn. And Ibn `Askir narrated that all of it belonged to him and that he had sons and many relatives. Then he was bereaved of these things altogether and his body was afflicted with various illnesses and no healthy organ remained in him except for his heart and his tongue, with which he remembered Allah , and throughout all that he was patient, anticipating reward from Allah and remembering Allah  day and night. His illness was so long, that even his friends and companions deserted him. He was expelled from his land and cast onto a garbage heap outside of it. The people cut ties with him and none remained having

dabiq 41

mercy on him except for his wife. She would uphold his rights and acknowledge his history of good behavior towards herself as well as his compassion for her. Thus, she would frequent him, tend to his affairs, help him take care of his needs, and look out for his interests. Her condition became weaker and her wealth depleted until she served people for money in order to feed him and take care of his sustenance, may Allah be pleased with her and make her pleased. She was patient with him in what happened to them of loss of money, children, and what she specifically endured, including her being afflicted through her husband, the harsh financial situation, and having to serve the people after having enjoyed happiness, comfort, service, and security. And to Allah we belong and to Him we will return" [Al-Bidyah wan-Nihyah]. Ibn Kathr  then said, "As-Sudd said that Ayyb's flesh fell off until nothing remained except for the bones and nerves. His wife used to come to him with ash, spreading it under him. Then, when this went on for a long time, she said, `O Ayyb, if you would call upon your Lord He would surely relieve you.' So he said to her, `Indeed I lived seventy years in good health. Shall I not at least be patient for Him for seventy years, and yet I consider this to be little for Him.' She became distressed by that speech. She used to serve the people for money and feed Ayyb . After that, the people would not employ her because of their knowledge that she was Ayyb's wife, fearing that something of his affliction might strike them

or that she might infect them due to her being in his company. Therefore, when she could not find anybody to employ her, she set out to sell one of her braids to some of the daughters of nobles for food. Then she came to Ayyb with it, so he asked her, `From where did you get this?' and refused it. She said, `I worked in the service of people for it.' On the next day, she did not find anybody to work for so she sold her other braid for food. Then she came to him with it and he refused it as well, swearing not to eat it until she informed him from where she got the food. Thereupon, she removed her scarf from her head. When he saw her head shaven, he said in his du'', {"Indeed, adversity has touched me, and You are the Most Merciful of the merciful"} [Al-Anbiy': 83]'" [AlBidyah wan-Nihyah]. Such was the wife of the Prophet of Allah, Ayyb, may blessings and peace from our Lord be upon him and upon our Prophet and upon all the Messengers. She remained patient in the face of her husband's affliction and endured, and she never gave up on him when his Lord afflicted him. My sister in religion, remember the statement of Allah , {Indeed, the patient will be given their reward without account} [Az-Zumar: 10]. Will you then remain steadfast if you one day are informed that your husband was captured or will you hasten to seek separation? How sad, very sad, for our prisoners! How often have their close ones forsaken them

42 TO OUR SISTERS

before the distant ones in this Duny? Nevertheless, the wife's desertion is the most bitter and hardest. Imagine, O Muslimah, O wife of a prisoner, O you who claimed one day that you divorced your worldly life three times, imagine him staying in his narrow, dark dungeon with a wandering mind, and a sad smile rises on his face. Maybe he was thinking of you and his children at that moment and of when the ordeal would end and when Allah would join him with you? A mixture of memories and hopes comes, nothing breaks it except the call of the prison guard and his detested voice mixed with the sounds of the door creaking while he opens it. "So-and-so, you have a visitor." So he hastens to exit with his heart racing. He sees you from afar so his injured heart smiles ­ this is based on the assumption that you two were not able to perform hijrah to the Islamic State, so he gave bay'ah from where he was and waged jihd in his land, and that there is no fear of evil in visiting him. He reaches you and gives you salm, and begins by asking about your situation and the loved ones. So you reply to him briefly, while you are troubled today, unlike your usual self. Your words come out sporadically and rightly so... You should stammer and be tense, rather you should wish that the ground beneath your feet splits open to swallow you before you are able to state what you've come to say! "Forgive me, but I want divorce, for my patience has run out." Yes, just like that, and with every bit of simplicity. Then you depart and leave that man sitting in front of you stunned and confused. My Muslim sister, did you see the wall that separates between the two of you? Did you see those chains that bind him? All the torture that he has seen since he was imprisoned, and all the bitterness that he drank is nothing compared to your overbearing decision, and we seek refuge with Allah from the subjugation in prison by men! I recall now one of these sisters as she came to take my counsel about requesting divorce from her imprisoned husband due to her family's pressure on her and her son. However, after days it reached me that she herself could not tolerate hardship, that she wanted divorce, and that her family were not involved in this issue at all. Some people might say this is her right if she fears for herself. So I tell them, yes this is her right, but between this right and patience are levels and meanings which none comprehends except for souls made of pure gold, that don't change in the face of adversity and difficult circumstances! In contrast with this sister, I know a prisoner's wife who is a school of patience, faithfulness, and steadfastness. Lofty as a high mountain, she raised his children and made of them lions and lionesses. She lives on his memory

and waits to meet him. Ten years have passed while he is in prison. Yes, ten complete years, and she has neither changed nor wavered; I consider her such and Allah is her judge. When she sees us, she says, "Have you supplicated that Allah breaks the chains of Ab So-and-so?" How good she is, and her reward is with Allah. My Muslim sister, this is about a sister whose husband is a prisoner, so what if he were killed? It is narrated in "Al-Bidyah wan-Nihyah" from Ism'l Ibn Muhammad Ibn Sa'd Ibn Ab Waqqs that he said, "The Messenger of Allah  passed by a woman from Ban Dnr whose husband, brother, and father were injured with the Messenger of Allah  in Uhud. When she was consoled regarding them she said, `How is the Messenger of Allah  doing?' They said, `He is doing well, O Umm So-andso. He is as you love to see him, praise be to Allah.' She said, `Show him to me so that I might see him!'" He said, "So they pointed him out to her, and when she saw him she said, `Any calamity is insignificant as long as you're not harmed'" [Al-Bidyah wan-Nihyah]. Here I dedicate my speech to my muhjirah sisters, for how often have we heard of sisters whose husbands are killed, so the earth with all its vastness becomes constricted for them and they turn towards the lands of kufr, where their families and relatives are. And there is no ability nor strength except with Allah! I tell them, you are sinful if you leave the land of Islam and return to the land of kufr. Whoever made hijrah for the sake of her husband, then know that he is indeed departing, without doubt, if not today then tomorrow. And whoever made hijrah for the cause of Allah, then know that Allah will remain, ever-living, and He does not die. So remain steadfast, my sisters, may Allah make us steadfast, and hold onto the Islamic State with all your strength! O my sister, equip yourself with obedience and worship so that it may be your help and assistance at the time of calamities and hardships! Allah  said about Ynus , {And had he not been of those who exalt Allah, He would have remained inside its belly until the day they are resurrected} [As-Sfft: 143-144]. Ibnul-Jawz said, "The majority of the scholars are of the opinion that He means: If it weren't for what he put forth of worship before being swallowed by the whale, he would have lingered in its belly until the day on which mankind is resurrected. Qatdah said, `The whale's belly would have become his grave until the Day of Judgment. But he used to pray much in times of ease, so Allah  saved him because of that'" [Zdul-Masr].

dabiq 43

Maymn Ibn Mihrn said, "I heard ad-Dahhk Ibn Qays saying, `Remember Allah in times of ease, then He will remember you in times of adversity. Indeed Ynus was a pious slave, remembering Allah, so when he fell into the whale's belly, Allah said, {And had he not been of those who exalt Allah, he would have remained inside its belly until the Day they are resurrected} [As-Sfft: 143-144], whereas Fir'awn was a tyrannical slave, neglectful of the remembrance of Allah, so when {drowning overtook him, he said, "I believe that there is no deity except that in whom the Children of Isr'l believe, and I am of the Muslims." Now? And you had disobeyed Him before and were of the corrupters?} [Ynus: 90-91]'" [Reported by Ibn Ab Shaybah in his musannaf ]. As for you, O mother of lion cubs... And what will make you know what the mother of lion cubs is? She is the teacher of generations and the producer of men. I inform you of the statement of the Prophet , "Every one of you is a shepherd and everyone is responsible for his herd ... And the woman is a shepherd in her house and is responsible for her herd." So have you understood, my Muslim sister, the enormity of the responsibility that you carry? O sister in religion, indeed, I see the Ummah of ours as a body made of many parts, but the part that works most towards and is most effective in raising a Muslim generation is the part of the nurturing mother. And for that reason, you are in need of a lot of patience and goodness and what suffices of beneficial knowledge in order to build a generation capable of bearing a trust that the heavens, the earth, and the mountains have all declined to bear. You know that acquiring knowledge is an obligation upon every Muslim and every Muslimah, and Allah has blessed the Islamic State, which has not been stingy towards its women in providing institutions and courses on the entirety of the Shar'ah sciences. So shake off the dust of laziness and procrastination and come forth, free yourself from ignorance and learn the matters of your religion. And our state ­ may Allah strengthen it ­ does not want from us neither praise nor thanks, neither dirham nor dnr, so may Allah reward them on our behalf and on behalf of the Muslims with the best of rewards. My Muslim sister, indeed you are a mujhidah, and if the weapon of the men is the assault rifle and the explosive belt, then know that the weapon of the women is good behavior and knowledge. Because you will enter fierce battles between truth and falsehood. Therefore, either it is them with a corrupted generation in terms of creed and methodology ­ I'm referring to the enemies of our religion ­ or it is you with a generation that sees honor in
44 TO OUR SISTERS

the pages of the Qur'n and the muzzle of a rifle. Because of this let your motivation be the motivation of an Ummah, and so that you see in the eyes of all of your lion cubs a deeply knowledgeable scholar and a conquering leader. Hope for them what Hind Bint `Utbah  hoped for her son Mu'wiyah , "For Ab Sufyn  looked to him while he was crawling and said to his son's mother, `Indeed this son of mine has a large head and he deserves to rule his people.' So Hind said, `His people only? May I be bereaved of him if he does not not lead the Arabs altogether'" [Al-Bidyah wan-Nihyah]. Hind  got what she had hoped for. Mu'wiyah  led the Arabs altogether with the Shar'ah. And, O sister, let all your children be like the three sons of Afr': Mu'dh, Mu'awwadh, and `Awf . And what a great statement was made by Asm', the daughter of Ab Bakr , on the day Ibn `Umar entered upon her when her son `Abdullh Ibn az-Zubayr  was crucified, killed by al-Hajjj. He said to her, "This body is nothing and the souls are with Allah, so fear Allah and be patient." So she said, "And what prevents me from patience while the head of Yahy, the son of Zakariyy, was offered to a prostitute from the prostitutes of Ban Isr'l?" Allhu akbar! These are the women of our Ummah! The first Khans' women! My beloved sister, indeed from the blessings of Allah upon you is that He honored you with the life on the soil of the Khilfah. So take advantage of that as much as you can to give your children a righteous upbringing upon clear tawhd, a correct `aqdah, kufr bit-tght and worship of Allah alone, teaching them the heart-softeners, the remembrance of Allah, the Prophet's biography, and the fiqh of jihd. And if the claimants of Islam in the lands of kufr raise their children on the stories of Cinderella

and Robin Hood, you should make use of the stories in "Mashri' al-Ashwq il Masri' al-`Ushshq" of Ibn an-Nahhs  as stories for your lion cubs before they sleep. And here before you are the Shar'ah institutions, training camps, and even the kindergartens. All of them in our state ­ may Allah support it ­ are upon the methodology of prophethood, insh'allh, and to Allah belongs all praise. Furthermore, my sisterly advice to you as you are preparing the lion cubs of the Khilfah is that first comes knowledge, then the weapon. The danger of a weapon without knowledge is great and very rarely does it get things right. My noble sister, be like the mother of Sufyn ath-Thawr, that imm, muhaddith, jurist, hfidh, zhid, and worshipper, to whom Umm Habbah ­ his mother ­ one day said, "O my son, seek knowledge and I will suffice you with my spindle." Look at her, may Allah have mercy on her and gather us with her in the gardens of our Lord! What did she wish for her son except that he study the Shar'ah and gain mastery in it, while she covers his provisions and subsistence with what she earns from the spindling of wool. So Allah blessed her son until Ab Ishq as-Sab' saw him approaching one day and said, {And We gave him judgment while he was a boy} [Maryam: 12]. To conclude, I remind myself and I remind you, O my precious sister, that we must purify our intentions and take them to account in all of our deeds. Those whose deeds were for the sake of Allah  have succeeded and won, and those whose deeds were for other than Allah  have failed and lost. And our final call is, "All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the creation." May peace and blessings be upon our leader, Muhammad, and upon his family and companions altogether.

dabiq 45

"No man has ever come with similar to what you've come with but that he was met with hostility." This is how Waraqah Ibn Nawfal described to the Prophet  the awaited reaction of his people to the da'wah. Waraqah's hope was to be with the Prophet  when the Prophet would be expelled, but Waraqah never lived to that time. The Prophet  afterward began the mission for which he was sent by Allah . His people responded with great hostility. They claimed he was a sorcerer, a liar, a madman, a poet, a bewitched man, a storyteller, an impersonator, amongst other claims... although they had considered him before to be truthful and trustworthy! They offered him kingship, women, and wealth, but he rejected it all due to his purity and for the sake of his Lord. They plotted to murder him or expel him, but Allah plotted against his enemies and ordered His Messenger  to leave the most blessed place on the Earth ­ Makkah ­ for a new abode in al-Madnah. A state was established with the Prophet  directing its armies of fighters against the caravans of the mushrikn, events that led to the Great Battle of Badr. The mushrikn were enraged and dispatched their envoys and battalions, and soon the Muslims were are at war with the mushrik Arab and Bedouin tribes of the Arabian Peninsula and the Jews and hypocrites of al-Madnah. As the prophetic state grew in strength, the envy and rage of the kuffr grew into the Battle of al-Ahzb ("the Parties"). The Jews plotted with the hypocrites and convinced various Arab tribes to

attack al-Madnah while they would cause turmoil from within. Quraysh, Kinnah, and their allies advanced from the south. Ghatafn, its clans, and allies advanced from the East. Their numbers reached ten thousand fighters and they held al-Madnah under siege for a month, while the Muslims were greatly outnumbered. But the patience they endured in the face of war, fear, hunger, and weather, led to the Muslims' victory and the good prophetic news that henceforth they would be on the offense and the mushrikn on the defense.1
The New Ahzb
Just as the Companions had to face coalitions of various Jewish, pagan, and hypocrite parties in the battle of alAhzb, the Muslims of the Islamic State face various coalitions of kuffr having a common interest in seeing the Khilfah destroyed. And just as the Companions' reaction to the parties was one of faith, {And when the believers saw the parties, they said, "This is what Allah and His Messenger had promised us, and Allah and His Messenger spoke the truth." And it increased them only in faith and acceptance} [Al-Ahzb: 22], so too should the reaction of the Muslims be when seeing these numerous coalitions gathering and mobilizing. Here we attempt to provide some insight into the different coalitions so that the Muslim can strive to oppose them in word and deed
1 Allah  described the events of this decisive battle in verses 9-27 of Srat al-Ahzb for the believer to reflect upon.

46 FEATURE

Crusader airstrikes on Iraq in "2003"

as "whoever imitates a people is from them" [Reported by Imm Ahmad and Ab Dwd from Ibn `Umar] and so that {the way of the criminals will become evident} [Al-An'm: 55].
The Crusader Coalition

Although this coalition might appear new, it manifested in "2001" in what was known as "Operation Enduring Freedom." It quickly expanded to the Philippines, the Horn of Africa, the Trans Sahara, and the Caucasus. In "2003," the crusaders then launched a second campaign known as "Operation Iraqi Freedom." This was followed by a third campaign known as "Operation Inherent Resolve" launched in "2014" in both Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State.2 None of these various campaigns were successful in preventing the revival of the Khilfah nor its continuity nor its expansion. Rather it was the Khilfah that endured with inherent resolve, a result of its tawhd and wal' and bar'. The new crusader coalition for Iraq and Syria ­ "Operation Inherent Resolve" ­ officially includes the following countries and entities: Albania, the Arab League, Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, the European Union, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Iraq, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, The Netherlands, New Zealand,
2 Note: The various campaign names are those given to the operation by the Americans. Other crusader nations have given their own operations within these campaigns other titles.

The African Union - An assembly of kufr and enmity towards Islam and the Muslims
Norway, Oman, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea (South Korea), Romania, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Somalia, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, and United States.3 Other regimes and forces backed by the West but not mentioned above partake in the war against the Islamic State in more distant regions. The African Union, Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria are all involved in the war against Wilyat West Ifrqiyyah. Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Mongolia, NATO, and Pakistan ­ in addition to many of the countries mentioned in the first list ­ are involved in the war against Wilyat Khursn.4 Algeria, Libya, Tunisia, and Yemen are
3 This list was released by the US State Department and reproduced by a number of American media outlets. It forgets to mention Iran, Russia, and Syria, all crucial members of the coalition against the Islamic State. 4 More than thirteen thousand troops belonging to crusader and apostate regimes continue to occupy Afghanistan in defense of the apostate Afghan regime. Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Mongolia, as well as many nations mentioned in the "Operation Inherent Resolve" list ­ including Turkey ­ are members of this NATO crusader campaign known as "Operation Resolute Support." As for Pakistan, then it is a close ally of the United States in the war against Wilyat Khursn.

dabiq 47

involved in the war against the Islamic State in their respective regions. The Jewish state is openly involved in the war against Wilyat Sayn' in addition to being covertly involved alongside the crusaders in most of the campaigns against the Islamic State wilyt. The Gulf Cooperation Council, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Organization of "Islamic" Cooperation, Kyrgyzstan, and Switzerland are also involved ­ on a political, financial, intelligence, and in the case of most of them, military level ­ in the campaign against Islam and its Khilfah.5 Then there are the most important allies of the Americans: Iran, Syria, and Russia.
Front Stage Cooperation

The crusaders were cooperating with Iran prior to September 11th, and following the blessed attacks their cooperation grew

Although the Western crusaders' cooperation with Iran, Syria, and Russia, is undeniable, they attempt to downplay it officially to conceal their role in the Safaw war against the Muslims. Here we will provide some insight into this relationship despite the matter being more visible than the sun at noon on a clear day. Even before the blessed operations of September 11th, America had cooperated with Iran through the United Nations "Six Plus Two Group on Afghanistan," part of a plot against the mujhidn of Khursn. After September 11th, the cooperation developed into what would become known as "the Geneva Contact Group" during the presidency of the crusader George W. Bush. It entailed Iran providing intelligence to the crusaders, building up the relationship between the crusaders and the "Northern Alliance," and arresting mujhidn who attempted to cross the Iranian border on their way to Iraqi Kurdistan or other destinations. Iran provided some of its ports and airbases for the crusader mission, its "Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps" cooperated with US Special Ops and the CIA in Afghanistan, and it partook in the establishment of the apostate puppet Afghan regime. In the months leading up to the American invasion of Iraq, the Americans cooperated with Iran again, but this time mainly through the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The cooperation climaxed through the formation of the Safaw regime of Iraq, essentially a puppet of Iran.6 On "6 November 2014," the "Wall Street Journal" released an article titled "Obama Wrote Secret Letter to Iran's
5 This is a partial list. If one were also to add to it the countries that are involved covertly, tacitly, or passively in the war against the Islamic State, it would include all the countries of the world, especially considering that no kfir asl nation has a truce with the Islamic State. 6 This cooperation has been documented by American, British, and Iranian media. There are also statements on the record by Hillary Mann, James Dobbins, Karl Inderfurth ­ three former American diplomats involved in this plot ­ as well as Jack Straw (former British foreign secretary), Mohsen Aminzadeh (former Iranian deputy foreign minister), and Mohammad Khatami (former Iranian president), all explaining the justifications, history, and details of their meetings.
48 FEATURE

Khamenei about Fighting Islamic State ­ Presidential Correspondence with Ayatollah Stresses Shared U.S.Iranian Interests in Combating Insurgents, Urges Progress on Nuclear Talks." In the article, they report that "Obama secretly wrote to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei" and that his letter "described a shared interest in fighting Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria." The letter was "aimed both at buttressing the campaign against Islamic State and nudging Iran's religious leader closer to a nuclear deal" and stressed "that any cooperation on Islamic State was largely contingent on Iran reaching a comprehensive agreement with global powers on the future of Tehran's nuclear program." The letter also "marked at least the fourth time Obama has written Iran's most powerful political and religious leader since taking office in 2009 and pledging to engage with Tehran's Islamist government" and "underscores that Obama views Iran as important ... to his emerging military and diplomatic campaign to push Islamic State from the territories it has gained." Through the letter, Obama seeks "to assuage Iran's concerns about the future of its close ally, President Bashar al-Assad of Syria" and reassures Iran that "the U.S.'s military operations inside Syria aren't targeted at Assad or his security forces." They also report that "the Obama administration launched secret talks with Iran in the Omani capital of Muscat

The crusaders reconcile with the Iranian Safawiyyn

in mid-2012" and that "White House press secretary Josh Earnest ... acknowledged U.S. officials in the past have discussed the Islamic State campaign with Iranian officials on the sidelines of international nuclear talks. He added the negotiations remain centered on Iran's nuclear program." They also report that "Obama sent two letters to Iran's 75-year-old supreme leader during the first half of 2009, calling for improvements in U.S.-Iran ties ... U.S.-Iran relations have thawed considerably since the election of President Hasan Rouhani in June 2013. He and Obama shared a 15-minute phone call in September 2013, and Messrs. Kerry and Zarif have regularly held direct talks on the nuclear diplomacy and regional issues" and that "the State Department has confirmed that senior U.S. officials have discussed Iraq with Zarif on the sidelines of nuclear negotiations in Vienna. U.S. diplomats have also passed on messages to Tehran via Abadi's government in Baghdad and through the offices of Iraq's Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, among the most powerful religious leaders in the Shiite world. Among the messages conveyed to Tehran, according to U.S. officials, is that U.S. military operations in Iraq and Syria aren't aimed at weakening Tehran or its allies. `We've passed on messages to the Iranians through the Iraqi government and Sistani saying our objective is against ISIL,' said a senior U.S. official briefed on these communications. `We're not using this as a platform to reoccupy Iraq or to undermine Iran.'" After this letter, the Rfid Khamenei responded himself with a letter to Obama. The "Wall Street Journal" reported in an article on "13 February 2015" titled "Iran's Ayatollah Sends New Letter to Obama amid

Nuclear Talks" that Khamenei responded positively with a letter seeking better relations with the United States and further cooperation against the Islamic State. But the cooperation was already there on the ground for some time. On "31 August 2014," the "New York Times" released an article titled "U.S. and Iran Unlikely Allies in Iraq Battle." They report that a senior US administration official said, "Any coordinating with the Shiite militias was not done by us ­ it would have been done by the ISF [the `Iraqi Security Forces']" and then comment on his words with the following: "But it is well known that the Shiite militias have been fighting alongside the army in recent months as the threat from ISIS became clear." Later in the article, they say that "the Obama administration has tried to avoid being seen as taking sides in a sectarian war, because the Shiite militias are especially feared by Iraq's Sunnis. But for the weekend at least, the realities on the ground appeared to override any concerns of effectively supporting the militias." Essentially, the Americans cooperate with Iran, its forces, and its militias, but through the Safaw Iraqi regime ­ in imitation of those Jews who worked but "did not work" on Saturday despite the prohibition and who were thus transformed into apes and swine. This is similar to the Jawln front's claim that they do not cooperate with the tawght when they cooperate with the factions of the tawght... As for American cooperation with the Syrian regime, then this has been the case since the US rendition program that saw many mujhidn sent to Syria only to be tortured at the hands of the Baathist Nusayriyyah

dabiq 49

on behalf of the Americans. The Syrian regime was also behind a crackdown in Syria against all supporters of the jihd against the Americans in Iraq around the time of the rise of the pro-American Sahwah. Many of these Sahwah factions would have their leadership stationed in Syria and the Friday sermons would be directed to supporting them. The US-Syrian cooperation became most manifest recently in the crusader airstrikes. The "Washington Post" reported on "23 September 2014" in an article titled "Syria Informed in Advance of U.S.-Led Airstrikes against Islamic State" that a State Department spokeswoman said, "Syria was informed by the United States in advance of airstrikes against targets including Islamic State strongholds." The article adds that this "marked a rare display of interaction between Washington and envoys for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. ... Army Lt. Gen. William C. Mayville Jr., the Pentagon's director for operations, described Syrian military radar as `passive' during the strikes, with no attempt to counter them. ... [T]he outreach suggests a small but important shift by the United States and its allies, which have given diplomatic and limited military support to rebels seeking to overthrow Assad. The expansion of U.S.-led airstrikes into Syria could now open new channels to Assad's government ... The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) said the United States informed Syria's representative to the United Nations that it would carry out airstrikes. [US State Department spokeswoman Jen] Psaki confirmed the contact but did not say when it occurred." The article also references a "SANA" report that stated Secretary of State John Kerry had sent a letter to Walid Muallem (Nusayr regime foreign minister) to inform him of the crusaders' plan to begin striking Islamic State positions. According to a report by Reuters on the same date titled "Syria's U.N. Envoy Says Told of Airstrikes by Samantha Power," "Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari told Reuters on Tuesday that he was personally informed by U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power of imminent U.S. and Arab airstrikes against Islamic State targets on Syrian territory hours ahead of time. Ja'afari said Power told him on Monday morning that the military action would be carried out. He added that `we're in close coordination with Iraq.' The U.S. mission confirmed that Power had informed Ja'afari." This was reiterated by the tght Bashr in a BBC interview on "10 February 2015." In an article titled "Assad Says Syria Is Informed on Anti-IS Air Campaign," the BBC reports, "Syria's President Bashar al-Assad says his government is receiving messages from the USled coalition battling the jihadist group, Islamic State.

Nouri al-Maliki, the tght of the Rfidah and Bashar al-Asad, the tght of the Nusayriyyah
Assad told the BBC that there had been no direct cooperation since air strikes began in Syria in September. But third parties ­ among them Iraq ­ were conveying `information' ... about sorties by US and Arab warplanes over Syria." America has also served Syrian regime interests by backing the PKK, a party closely allied with the regime since the beginning of the war in Shm and which continues to fight alongside the regime in Wilyat al-Barakah. America also insists on preserving the Baathist regime and its Nusayr army so as to guarantee a transition towards a pluralistic state in accordance with the American religion. Their only condition is superficial; they request the tght Asad be removed but the rest of his regime and army remain intact. This is then placed on the bargaining table with the apostates of the Syrian National Coalition and the Free Syrian Army. The American serving of Syrian regime interests was also highlighted by former US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. The "Washington Times" reports on "30 October 2014" in an article titled "Syria Airstrikes Spur White House Infighting over Benefit to Assad" that "Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel acknowledged for the first time Thursday that the U.S.-led airstrikes against the Islamic State are benefiting Syrian President Bashar Assad ... `Yes, Assad derives some benefit,' Hagel told reporters at the Pentagon ... Describing the circumstances inside Syria as complicated, Hagel said the administration is continuing to call for Assad's ouster despite the appearance of aiding him." The report adds that an administration source informed them that "the logic among some in the administration was that hitting Syrian assets would

50 FEATURE

damage nuclear talks between the U.S. and Iran, a close ally of Assad." Russia, in addition to being on the side of the United States, the Rfidah, and the Nusayriyyah in Iraq and Shm in the war against the Islamic State, is also involved in the war against Wilyat al-Qawqz. As for Iraq and Shm, then the Director of Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) Alexander Bortnikov told journalists on "20 February 2015" that "the United States and Russia may start exchanging intelligence in order to defeat the Islamic State." This was preceded by a report from the "New York Times" on "14 October 2014" titled "U.S. and Russia Agree to Share More Intelligence on ISIS." In the report, they state, "Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday that the United States and Russia had agreed to share more intelligence on the Islamic State, as he sought to lay the basis for improved cooperation with Moscow. ... Kerry made it clear that he would welcome expanded cooperation with Putin after a meeting here with Sergey V. Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister. ... Noting that 500 or more Islamic State volunteers may have come from Russia, Kerry said that he had proposed that the two sides intensify intelligence sharing on the militant group and other terrorist threats, and that Lavrov had agreed. Opening the door to cooperation in Iraq, Kerry said Lavrov had agreed to explore whether Russia could do more to support Iraq's beleaguered government as it battles the Islamic State ­ including by providing weapons." Russia also openly supports the Iraqi regime backed by the United States. Through the state-run news agency ItarTass, the Russian Foreign Ministry released a statement
Russian crusader Alexander Bortnikov - Director of the Russian FSB

on "26 September 2014" about a meeting held between Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. The Foreign Ministry said in the statement, "During the meeting, Lavrov confirmed Russia's support for Iraq's independence, territory integrity and sovereignty ... Moscow is ready to continue supporting Iraq in its efforts in fighting the terrorist threat, and, first of all, the one from the Islamic State." According to the "New York Times" in an article titled "Russian Jets and Experts Sent to Iraq to Aid Army" released on "29 June 2014," "Iraqi government officials said Sunday that Russian experts had arrived in Iraq to help the army get 12 new Russian warplanes into the fight against Sunni extremists ... `In the coming three or four days the aircraft will be in service to support our forces in the fight' against the insurgents of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, said Gen. Anwar Hama Ameen, the commander of the Iraqi Air Force, referring to five SU-25 aircraft that were flown into Iraq aboard Russian cargo planes Saturday night, and two more expected later Sunday. ... [T]he Iraqi Air Force commander, General Ameen, said that Russian military experts had arrived to help set up the new SU-25 warplanes, but that they would stay only a short time. The last five Russian aircraft would arrive by Monday, he said. ... This was the first report of Russian military aides in the country, although General Ameen said they were experts, not advisers. ... On Thursday, Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki said the Iraqis, in an arrangement with the Russian Ministry of Defense, had ordered a dozen SU-25s, a ground-attack fighter jet useful for close air support operations. `They are coming very fast,' General Ameen said in a telephone interview, `because we need them in this conflict against the terrorists as soon as possible.' He said the Russians would leave within around three days after the aircraft were ready for service. ... Still, General Ameen said they would soon see action again. `We have pilots who have long experience in this plane and of course we have the help of the Russian friends and the experts who came with these aircraft to prepare them,' he said. `This will produce a very strong punishment against the terrorists in the coming days.' ... The new aircraft `will increase and support the strength and capability of the Iraqi air forces to eliminate terrorism,' a statement issued by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense said." According to "The Hill" in an article titled "Hagel: US knows Iran, Russia aiding Iraq in fight against ISIS" released on "11 July 2014," Chuck Hagel commented on reports that "quoted Iraqi military officials saying that Iran and Russia were conducting airstrikes in their country, hitting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS)

dabiq 51

targets," by saying, "We are aware of the Iranian and Russian efforts to help the Iraqis." Hence, Iran and all its allies are directly involved in the crusaders' war against the Islamic State. "Foreign Policy" reports on "12 November 2014" in an article titled "Who Has Contributed What in the Coalition against the Islamic State?" "Although Iran is not an acknowledged coalition partner, it and the United States are conferring informally." This was all topped by the "Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action" nuclear agreement between the American-led West and the Iranian regime backed by Russia. In the end, America serves the interests of the Safaw Empire with its airstrikes, intelligence, and politics, and the Safaw Empire cooperates with the Americans similarly against the mujhidn. This is done covertly, indirectly, and even publicly. The "middleman" ­ when needed ­ is the Safaw puppet regime in Iraq. David Petraeus (former top American military commander in Iraq) commented on the Obama administration's war, "This cannot be the United States being the air force for Shia militias or a Shia-on-Sunni Arab fight." And this is exactly what is going on, but it is a war against Islam, not against Arabs.
The Safaw Empire
Revival of the Safaw Empire is the ultimate goal of the Rfidah of Iran. The Safaw Empire was founded by a Sufi tarqah named the Safawiyyah. In its original form it ascribed to the "Sunnah" and the "Shfi'" madhhab, while combining within it the many extreme heresies of apostate Sufism. This deviant sect adopted Imm Shiism later after its founding and soon became a political and militant order fighting until its leader Ism'l Ibn Haydar as-Safaw overtook Persia. He enforced Shiism upon the Sunn population until Persia became predominately Rfid after being predominantly Sunn. His policies included executing Sunn scholars and massacring resistant Sunn populations. He was the most anti-Sunn ruler to come into power since the fall of the Ism'l `Ubayd state based in Egypt. The Safaw dynasty ruled from "1501-1736CE." More than two hundred years later, the Rfid Khomeini carried on the efforts of his Safaw predecessors and gave the Rfid clerics direct power in politics via the concept he had been propagating known as "wilyat al-faqh" ("the guardianship of the jurist") and through his so-
52 FEATURE

called "revolution." Suddenly the Rfid clerics were in direct control of Persia and within a few years, they were exporting their shirk religion to Shm, Iraq, the Arabian Peninsula, Khursn, India, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Africa, and Southeast Asia. The Rfidah then overtook much of Yemen while siding with the American puppet Ali Abdullah Saleh, after already gaining power in Syria and Lebanon as a result of the Americans handing over Iraq to them after "Operation Iraqi Freedom." Suddenly the "Shia Crescent" was growing from a crescent into a solar eclipse, ultimately threatening Islam everywhere. They united the Nusayriyyah, the Ism'liyyah, and the Zaydiyyah behind their so-called "faqh" in a war against the Sunnah. Their plan is to continue waging war against Islam until the emergence of the "Mahd" of the Rfidah, who, according to them, will speak Hebrew, rule by the Torah, be followed by the Jews, and kill all the Arabs ­ attributes undoubtedly befitting the Jewish Dajjl not the Muslim Mahd.7 The fact the apostate Rfidah are more cohesive, organized, fervent, and aggressive than the other allies of the crusaders ­ the apostate tawght and sahwt ­ has gained them the favor of the crusaders, and accordingly, the crusaders rely upon them and the Rfidah's Kurdish allies more so than others in the war against the Khilfah. The Rfidah overall are more barbaric and united than the crusaders themselves, but the muwahhidn of the Khilfah have sharpened many knives and prepared many car bombs to slaughter the flocks of Rfid sheep until the last Rfid under the banner of ad-Dajjl dies.
The Sahwah Coalitions
The Sahwah was first named in Iraq but had existed as a phenomenon much earlier since post-Communist Afghanistan. The name is drawn from the Arabic word meaning "awakening." The original Iraqi Sahwah consisted of tribal gangs who began to support the American crusaders against the mujhidn in "2005," before the establishment of the Islamic State. This cooperation grew until Abdul Sattar al-Rishawi formed the "Anbar Awakening" council, one of the first officially American sahwt, supposedly "awakening" to face the mujhidn. These tribal support councils sided against the Islamic State with factional sahwt, many of which were already tribally driven. The factional sahwt could be classified into two categories: nationalist Ikhwn-oriented resistance
7 See "The Mahd of the Rfidah: The Dajjl" in this issue of Dbiq.

A former mujhid against America becomes an American Sahwah agent
factions and nationalist Surroriented8 "jihd" factions. The "jihd" factions (the "Islamic Army in Iraq," "Jaysh al-Mujhidn," and the "Shar' Committee of Jaysh Ansr as-Sunnah,"9 and others) formed the "Jihad and Reform Front." The resistance factions (the "1920 Revolution Brigades," "Jaysh ar-Rshidn," "Jaysh al-Muslimn fil`Irq," and others) formed the "Jihd and Change Front," which followed the formation of another resistance coalition known as the "Islamic Front for the Iraqi Resistance." Various resistance and "jihd" factions in these smaller coalitions ultimately merged into the "Political Council for the Iraqi Resistance," with some smaller groups remaining on the sidelines to ultimately face extinction. All of these various fronts and councils were infamously influenced or infiltrated by "al-Hizb al-Islm," the Iraqi branch of the Ikhwn. Shortly after the formation of these various fronts and councils, their "jihd" became the releasing of
8 By then, the "Surriyyah" was a pro-Saudi "Salaf" movement that had abandoned a history of opposition to the Saudi tawght. Their leaders permit partaking in the apostasy of democratic elections and referendums. In the Arabian Peninsula, their movement was referred to as the "Sahwah" movement, unrelated to the Iraqi Sahwah. Two of its most famous leaders were Salmn al-`Awdah and Safar al-Hawl. The name "Surr" is itself derived from the name of "Muhammad Surr," who like Salmn and Safar became fervently pro-Saudi after having a past against the Saudi tawght. In general, one can summarize the Surriyyah as being an Ikhwn flavor of "Salafiyyah." May Allah humiliate these wicked "scholars" and their tght Saudi masters. 9 This is a group that insisted upon joining the Iraqi Sahwah and broke off from Ansr al-Islm.

political statements having no reality on the ground. Their only active war was against the Islamic State as they had agreed to a truce with the Americans and decided the so-called "Khawrij" were the greater enemy of Islam! The "Ikhwanization" of "jihd" was behind the treacheries and deviances of Burhanuddin Rabbani, Ahmad Shah Massoud, and Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in Afghanistan, Abdullo Nuri in Tajikistan, Abdelhakim Belhadj, Abdel Wahab Qaid, Abdel-Hakim al-Hasidi, and Sm Mustaf asS'id in Libya, Sharif Sheikh Ahmed in Somalia, Mohamed Abu Samra, Kamal Habib, Nabil Na'eem, Karam Zuhd, Abbud al-Zumar, Tarek alZumar, Njih Ibrhm, Usmah Hfidh, `sim `Abdil-Mjid, `Ism Dirblah, `Adul-khir al-Ghunaym, and Usmah Rushd in Egypt, and Hamas in Palestine.10 It was the "Ikhwanization" of "jihd" that led to the formation of the "Libyan Dawn" congress and the Ikhwn "Syrian Revolutionary Command Council" allied with the Ikhwn of the "Syrian National Coalition" and its "interim government." It is the "Ikhwanization" of "jihd" that has led to the formation, merger, and break up of various fronts and
10 See "From the Pages of History" in this issue of Dbiq.

operational rooms inside Shm in a manner very similar to that of Iraq, except in a crucial aspect, the factional sahwt of Iraq were factions formerly waging war themselves against the American crusaders, making normalization of relations with the crusaders somewhat awkward. As for the factional sahwt of Shm, then since the beginning of the war in Shm, they have begged for American, European, Arab, and Turkish intervention or at least aid and have drawn closer to their various supporters and allies publically and privately, making their transformation into sahwt something natural and expected. And like the sahwt of Iraq, there were in Shm the nationalist resistance factions ("Jaysh alMujhidn," the "Shmiyyah Front," "Faylaq ash-Shm," etc.) and the nationalist "jihd" factions ("Ahrr ash-Shm," "Jaysh al-Islm," and the Jawln front). And like the various fronts and councils formed in Iraq whose member factions promised to entirely dissolve but instead broke up and never actually achieved their intended merger, the various coalitions and fronts in Shm like the "Islamic Front" and "Jaysh al-Fath" continue to consist of independent factions refusing to dissolve into a greater entity and insisting upon further division. It is the disease of hizbiyyah and the love of leadership that continues to plague them, in addition to their extreme deviance. It was also this constant and deepening division that led to the Americans favoring the Safaw regime in Iraq to the Sahwah project, eventually abandoning the apostate Sahwt to the whims and desires of the Safaw "faqh" of Iran, who in turn betrayed them after years of the Sahwah serving the interests of the Safaw regime in Iraq and the crusaders.

dabiq 53

And the sahwt ­ whether in Shm, Iraq, Libya, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, and elsewhere ­ in addition to their leaders travelling from Jordan to "Saudi" Arabia to Kuwait to Qatar to Turkey to the United Kingdom to the United States, have one thing in common; they are Machiavellian. For them, the ends justify the means, and accordingly the achievement of any "good" or pursuit of any "interest" justifies apostasy and hypocrisy. They do not adopt opinions based on evidence, rather they search for weak and odd opinions in pursuit of leadership, wealth, and honor, and to justify their wal' to the kuffr and bar'ah from the Muslims. When their deeds become blatant fighting for the cause of the crusaders and the tawght against Islam and the Muslims, they attempt to portray themselves as merely seeking the aid of the kuffr against the so-called "Khawrij"! Then the various "jihd" Sahwah factions ­ driven by irj' and hizbiyyah ­ apostatize and ally with the nationalist factions against the common enemy ­ the "Khawrij" ­ while fabricating excuses for the kufr of their nationalist allies to portray them as merely mistaken Muslims fighting against a dangerous enemy, and accordingly any kufr committed for "self-defense" is excused! Perhaps sooner rather than later, their hizbiyyah will get the better of them, and they will begin pointing their arms at each other in pursuit of political dominance on what little land they have "liberated."
An Opportunity for Noble Deeds
As for the Muslim who is unable to perform hijrah from drul-kufr to the Khilfah, then there is much opportunity for him to strike out against the kfir enemies of the Islamic State. There are more than seventy crusader nations, tght regimes, apostate armies, rfid militias, and sahwah factions for him to choose from. Their interests are located all over the world. He should not hesitate in striking them wherever he can. In addition to killing crusader citizens anywhere on the earth, what, for example, prevents him from targeting Rfid communities in Dearborn (Michigan), Los Angeles, and New York City? Or targeting Panamanian11 diplomatic missions in Jakarta, Doha, and Dubai? Or targeting Japanese diplomatic missions in Bosnia, Malaysia, and Indonesia? Or targeting Saudi diplomats in Tirana (Albania), Sarajevo (Bosnia), and Pristina (Kosovo)? Or executing major Sahwah sponsors in Qatar, Kuwait, and "Saudi" Arabia? What prevents him from targeting the allies of the PKK and Peshmerga in Europe and America including the "Confederation of Kurdish Associations
11 What did the pathetic state of Panama expect to achieve for its citizens except more terror when it arrogantly entered into the American-led coaliation against the Islamic State?

in Europe" (KON-KURD ­ based in Brussels) and the "International Kurdish Businessmen Union" (KAR-SAZ ­ based in Rotterdam), both of which are infamous for their financial support of the PKK? If one is held back from hijrah for whatever reason, he is not excused from performing jihd against the enemies of Islam near him. {O you who have believed, fight those adjacent to you of the disbelievers and let them find in you harshness. And know that Allah is with the righteous} [At-Tawbah: 123].
Conclusion
The patience and perseverance of the Muslims in the Battle of al-Ahzb meant they were a force to be reckoned with, and coupled with their numerous military victories, their enemy would soon have to admit defeat and concede to a truce, as occurred in al-Hudaybiyah, the violation of which by the mushrikn of Quraysh led to the eventual Conquest of Makkah. The various jihd claimants attempt to change the order of events in the Srah. The events of Hudaybiyah they have twisted, and thereby made into a so-called "fiqh" by which they water down the obligations of jihd and wal' and bar'. They forget that Hudaybiyah came after the hijrah, the establishment of the prophetic state, and the victory at Badr. It came after the patience and perseverance displayed in Uhud and al-Ahzb. It came at a time the Muslims were a powerful force, no longer threatened by annihilation at the hands of Quraysh. It came at a time when Quraysh feared the Muslims as a formidable adversary. The sahwt, on the other hand, race towards the crusaders... and even the apostates! The sahwt then enter under their wing, obey their orders in exchange for aid and support, and wage war against the Islamic State while they themselves resist implementation of the Shar'ah, all whilst claiming that this is from the "fiqh" of Hudaybiyah, whereas, the fiqh of Hudaybiyah was in the patience of the Messenger  and his companions in all the battles preceding Hudaybiyah. It was in the recognition of their Lord's promise in the assembly of al-Ahzb. It was in their constant jihd and wal' and bar' that never ceased. It was in the achievement of consolidation by which their signing of a truce came from a position of power not weakness, and thereby its stipulations ultimately only served the interests of the Muslim body.

54 FEATURE

Finally, it is not the apostasy and deviance of the weakhearted and the hypocrites that will lead to the truce with the Romans before the Hour, rather it is the patience and perseverance of the mujhidn on their way to further consolidation and greater expansion in the face of the international crusade against Islam that will achieve such. O Allah, turner of hearts, keep our hearts firm upon Your path until the last of us fights under the banner of alMash  against ad-Dajjl.
dabiq 55

IN THE WORDS
OF THE ENEMY

[On "8 August 2015," Michael Scheuer ­ former Chief of the CIA "Bin Laden Issue Station" ­ released an article titled "Islamic State is winning, America must soon use its one remaining option." In it, he addresses the American crusaders, calling them to end their hopeless war against Islam and its caliphate. He brings to their attention the reality that the Islamic State is winning and will continue to expand despite all the efforts of the weakened states of America. The article is presented below.]

Islamic State is winning, America must soon use its one remaining option
By Michael Scheuer
T hree of the U.S. national government's self-imposed and surely lethal handicaps in dealing with the Islamist threat are (a) a fixation on looking at the problem in a state-by-state manner; that is, what do we do in Iraq? what do we do in Afghanistan? what do we do in Libya? etc.; (b) an enduring but long-disproved assumption that in its war with Islam the West has time [on] its side; and (c) an addiction to an unwise, unnecessary, and bankrupting interventionism that is the main motivator of the international Islamist movement, a phenomenon which was fathered and is still nurtured by the West's so-called "allies and friends," Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, etc.

By forming and implementing interventionist policies for each nation-state where an Islamist threat is identified as needing to be addressed, Washington and its NATO allies miss the point that their main Islamist enemies -- the Islamic State (IS) and al-Qaeda1, and especially the
1 Editor's Note: Al-Q'idah has become the media shield and in some cases military firearm of the tght-backed Sahwt in Shm, Libya, Yemen, and Khursn. After Dhawhir ordered al-Q'idah in Algeria to halt all attacks against apostate regimes especially the post-revolution Arab world, commanded al-Q'idah in Syria to reassure the West that America and Europe would not be targeted by them, and himself pledged allegiance to Akhtar Mansr, who supports national reconciliation with the apostate Afghani regime and normalization with the entire crusader, mushrik, atheist, and apostate world, then the crusader Americans can be assured, al-Q'idah's main war now is against the Islamic State.

The kfir Michael Scheuer
former -- think in a regional manner and then design and execute policies meant to establish bases from which they can further expand in a way that advances their ultimate goal of driving the West from the Muslim world and creating an unitary and worldwide Islamic state or caliphate. Whether or not such a state can be created is an open question, but for the time

being the subject can be left for academics to endlessly, theoretically, and inconclusively debate, thereby leaving the sane to try to defend the United States. What is important, at the moment, lies in the quite inexplicable inability of U.S. and NATO policymakers to see what the Islamic State is up to in

56 ENEMY`S WORDS

stream of volunteers -- with the aid of IS logistics units in Turkey, Greece, Spain, and Italy -- to fight with IS forces in Syria and Iraq. As the IS presence in the Balkans continues to grow, a glance at the map will show the relative ease with which IS can secure access to EU countries and through the states of Eastern Europe to Russia.

A Balkan mujhid on the frontlines of the Khilfah
terms of its regional planning, or how that planning is not only immune to but fueled by the relentless, seriatim intervention of the West in each Muslim country that displeases it ­ excepting, of course, the Muslim tyrannies the West fawns over, protects, and is bribed by. (NB: This is not to argue that a multi-Muslimnation intervention by U.S.-NATO forces is needed. First, that mother of all Western interventions would be the single most powerful ally for IS's goal of uniting the Sunni world. Second, the U.S. military is worn out after two decades of war-losing; is being neutered by Obama's calculatedto-destroy budget cuts, manpower reductions, and effeminization; and the NATO militaries -- save Turkey's -- are tiny, antiquated, underfunded, and could not stop Putin's panzers from rolling down the Champs Elysees without using nuclear weapons. The only effective U.S.NATO defense against the Islamists is to stop all intervention, and let the Sunnis, Shias, and Israelis settle their differences in whatever merrily murderous manner pleases them.) Currently, IS leaders appear to have three strong regional beachheads from which they intend to expand, as well as one strategic economic target: four maritime choke-points that, if closed or even sporadically attacked,

would disrupt the world's supply of oil and hence its economy.
1) The Balkans: IS has established itself strongly in the Islamist communities of Bosnia, Kosovo, and Albania, and has a presence in each of the other Balkan states. In this effort, IS has capitalized on what is now a decades long campaign, that began with the USSR's demise, in which Saudi Arabia, its Gulf partners, and their NGOs2 have converted large numbers of Balkans Muslims from being nominal believers to being Muslims well-schooled in the warprone Salafi and Wahhabi doctrines. The Saudi-led effort3 has not yet made the Balkans a bastion of those doctrines, but it is yielding increasing numbers of Balkan Muslims who have become Salafis and Wahhabis. These converts have challenged and in several cases succeeded in displacing more moderate Islamic leaders, building Islamist organizations that have sporadically attacked individuals, security forces, and buildings, and have sent a steady
2 Editor's Note: The tawght of l Sall and their allies work together to portray themselves as the caretakers of Islam and the Muslims, when in actuality they propagate deviance, lewdness, and even sodomy through their "Rotana Group" and their other entertainment and religious outlets, never mind the fact they rule by international and domestic manmade laws and support the Jews and Christians against Islam and the Muslims. Their weak and hypocritical support of "da'wah" ­ in many cases ­ backfired and led to people studying the Qur'n and the Sunnah, adopting tawhd and shar'ah, and declaring takfr and jihd against the very forces and agents of l Sall. 3 Editor's Note: See previous footnote.

2) Libya: IS is encountering strong local resistance to its presence in Libya but it is an organization that can do more than one thing at a time. While its fighters defend and slowly expand IS-held territory, other IS leaders and administrators are engaged in bringing order and repairing social services and public utilities in the areas they hold, a pattern seen previously in Syria and Iraq. IS also is both exploiting its new geographical position -- via successful attacks in Tunisia, and support for the IS organization in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula -- and preparing for further advances from Libya into Algeria, Morocco, Mauritania, and Sudan. Libya also gives IS crossborder access to Niger and Chad, both of which facilitate direct contact with IS's expanding Nigerian ally Boko Haram. In addition, Niger affords easy entry into Mali where desperate Islamist organizations might well be enticed to cooperate with IS so as to benefit from its military know how, reputation for success, ample treasury, and the return of veteran Malian mujahedin who have been fighting with IS in Syria, Iraq, and Libya. 3) Afghanistan: IS's presence in Afghanistan is just a year old but its fighters are reported to be deployed in more than half of the country's 34 provinces, in and near the capital of Kabul, and in Pakistan's tribal region, Baluchistan Province, and the city of Karachi. IS is far from dominating the country, but the trickle of defectors

dabiq 57

The tght of Qatar and the tght head of l Sall
to it from the Afghan and Pakistani Taleban has become a steady flow since the long-hidden death of Taleban chief Mullah Omar was announced on 30 July 2015 and a new leader was quickly chosen by a small number of Taleban leaders who had helped hide the fact that Omar died in April, 2013. IS strategists see Afghanistan as key to the expansion and completion of the IS Caliphate, as it provides potential revenue streams from the country's heroin production4 and mineral wealth, and easy access Pakistan, and through it to India and Kashmir, as well as to the Muslim states of Central Asia, the Muslim Uighur population in China's Xinjiang Province, and a base from which to potentially attack Iran, murder Shias willy-nilly, and force Tehran to fight a two-front war against IS forces and their allies. 4) Maritime choke-points: In its most ambitious strategic project, IS currently has the beginning of opportunities to establish its presence at four of the world's most important maritime choke-points. The entrance to Babel-Mandab Strait at the southern end of the Red Sea lies between IS and other Islamist groups fighting for control of Yemen and the Islamist- and pirate-rich Horn of Africa; the Suez Canal is vulnerable to the IS branch now operating with near impunity in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula; the Strait of Malacca, which runs along the shores of Indonesia's Islamist-dominated Aceh Province; the Jakarta government claims IS's presence and appeal in the country is quickly growing; and the Strait of Gibraltar, which has long been an al-Qaida target and is now bounded on the south by IS's growing strength and reach in the Maghreb, and on the north by the ample IS presence in southern Europe and the reinforcements it is receiving from the IS fighters salted among the mass of illegal migrants entering Europe by sea from North Africa.
4 Editor's Note: The Islamic State leadership in Wilyat Khursn has been the most severe against the opium farmers of Pakistan and Afghanistan ­ burning opium plantations and crops ­ as opium production is from the most evil of deeds, never mind such being from the most accursed forms of income. The Akhtar-led Taliban, however, consider those who burn the crops of opium to be "Khawarij" who have destroyed Muslim "wealth" and devastated "zakh" collection!
58 ENEMY`S WORDS

The foregoing summary describes the unambiguous price of a half-century of U.S. cultural, political, economic, and military interventionism, either unilaterally or with its NATO vassals. And this summary does not include the IS beachheads that are still under development in the North Caucasus and Yemen, which will in time enable IS expansion into Russia and into Saudi Arabia and the other Sunni Gulf States.
In the face of IS's substantial geographical and manpower expansion, U.S. leaders in both parties have maintained a basically law-and-order approach to the mujahedin and have downplayed -- when not ignoring -- IS capabilities, its motivation and intentions, and the religious war it is waging. They also have spent the last year wasting time on whining about IS beheadings, the nuclear weapon Iran cannot be prevented from attaining5, and stoking war in Europe by aiding a Ukrainian government that cannot defend itself and uselessly sanctioning a Russian regime that will not return Crimea and knows that the term "paper tiger" has never been more applicable than when applied to the United States and NATO.
When the time comes -- and it will -- for U.S. leaders to look in the cupboard and find a tool with which to end the IS threat, they will find it bare. With two deliberately lost wars, a broken military, a governing elite and president unattached to reality, a bankrupt treasury, a political system corrupted by the U.S.-citizen agents of foreign powers, next-to-useless European allies, a Western world that prefers its own death to slaughtering its enemy, and an Islamist enemy far smarter and more talented than it is given credit for, the U.S. governing elite will have only one option.
Turning from the bare cupboard, these poor souls will know what commonsensical Americans untainted by Ivy League educations have known all along. Namely, that it is time to put America first and to return to General Washington's foreign-policy legacy by immediately proclaiming the end of U.S. interventionism, the termination of support for all states and groups in the Middle East, the U.S. withdrawal from NATO, and the resumption of America's most effective national security policy -- strict neutrality.6
And while doing this, we can all hope -- perhaps with misplaced optimism -- that it is not too late.
5 Editor's Note: The apostate Rfidah of Iran have the American crusaders to thank for granting them the conditions and the resources needed to facilitate development of their nuclear program into nuclear weapons to be used against Ahlus-Sunnah, never mind the fact that the crusader jets ­ in defense of Iran and its Rfid militias ­ target the mujhidn in Iraq and Shm. 6 Editor's Note: Rather the only complete solution to America's war with Islam is in the Americans either accepting Islam or paying jizyah. Otherwise, it can admit defeat and accept a partial solution by abiding by a temporary truce whose stipulations are in accordance with the Shar'ah.

dabiq 59

This month, Dbiq had the opportunity to send some questions to the amr delegated by the Khilfah for the Libyan wilyt ­ Abul-Mughrah al-Qahtn (hafidhahullh). We present the questions and answers below. Dbiq: How is the battle situation in the Libyan wilyt of the Islamic State? Abul-Mughrah: The battle situation in the Libyan wilyt is one of fighting the mushrikn altogether as they fight us altogether. The military situation in Libya differs from region to region, depending on the number of Khilfah soldiers and the type of enemy in addition to the social composition and geography of the various regions. It also depends on the conflicts and coalitions that form in the ranks of the apostates themselves. {You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse} [AlHashr: 14]. But we reassure the Muslims in the eastern and western extents of the Earth that Libya will not be ruled except by Allah's Shar'ah and that the Islamic State by Allah's grace will pave its way quickly towards consolidation and expansion. The Islamic State has military and security operations in Tarbulus, Misrtah, Tubruq, al-Bayd', Sabrtah, and Ajdbiy. The Islamic State is manifest with some control over neighborhoods in Darnah and Binghz in addition to its complete authority over the seacoast region stretching from Bqarn to Binjawd, which

includes a number of cities and regions, most important of which are Sirte, al-`mirah, Harwah, Umm Qindl, and an-Nawfaliyyah. Dbiq: What is the situation of the apostate "Libyan Dawn" group? Abul-Mughrah: The "Libyan Dawn" is the official military wing for the "General National Congress" democratic government (with its "Islamic" shroud) represented by the "Muslim Brotherhood" and the "Libyan Islamic Fighting Group" led by Abdelhakim Belhadj. These apostate forces wage war against Allah's religion by abandoning the Shar'ah laws and replacing them with manmade laws in addition to waging war against the people of tawhd, dragging them to prisons, and handing them over to the crusaders. Due to their war against Allah's religion and His awliy', the Islamic State rose to repel their attacks against the Muslims and to implement the Shar'ah, spread justice, and save the prisoners from harm. They will continue to be a target for our swords, which we will not hold back until they repent from their kufr and their wal' to Allah's enemies from amongst the crusaders and the secularists. Dbiq: What is the situation with the tght Haftar? Abul-Mughrah: We have a number of fronts against the tght Haftar, who is the head of the Libyan army under the Tubruq government in East Libya. The Islamic

60 INTERVIEW

The soldiers of the Khilfah take control of the eastern coast of the city of Darnah

State fights the apostates of the Libyan army at a number of locations near the city of Binghz, most important of which are as-Sbir and al-Layth. The Islamic State also has some frontlines against them near Darnah, most important of which are Martbah and an-Nawwr. The Islamic State also targets their locations in the city of Ajdbiy. The secularist forces of Haftar are targets for the Khilfah soldiers wherever these forces might rest. We will not slack in fighting them until there is no more fitnah and the religion is all for Allah. Dbiq: What is the situation with the murtaddn of "Majlis Shr Darnah"? And how did it all begin? And what is the history of this "majlis" with regards to Islam or kufr? Abul-Mughrah: This council consists of two major elements: "Ab Salm Martyrs Brigade" and the "Libyan Islamic Fighting Group." As for the "Libyan Islamic Fighting Group," then its kufr is clear due to its participation in the Tarbulus government and the democratic process under the leadership of Abdelhakim Belhadj. As for the "Ab Salm Martyrs Brigade," then it was a brigade that was once Salaf. Most of the soldiers of the Islamic State in Darnah were from the brigade's founders. They abandoned the brigade after it fell into a number of nullifiers of Islam, most infamous of which was its operating as part of the interior ministry in what was known as the "security committee." This is in addition to their security for the tght Mustafa Abdul Jalil, Chairman of the National Transitional Council, when he visited Darnah and called to democracy. Since then, the people of proper methodology abandoned the brigade. They even killed leaders of the brigade who led it to the depths of kufr. All this was before the official expansion of the Islamic State to Libya. After Allah blessed it with

expansion to Libya and most of the groups in Darnah pledged bay'ah to it, the Ab Salm brigade requested its opponents from the other groups refer to the court of the Islamic State for a resolution. After studying the condition of the brigade and what it fell into, the court of the Islamic State ruled that the brigade had committed apostasy and called its individuals to repentance. A number of its followers and leaders repented whereas the remaining gathered together with the "Libyan Islamic Fighting Group" to form what they called "Majlis Shr Darnah." Dbiq: What is the situation with Ansr ash-Shar'ah? Abul-Mughrah: Many of the leaders and soldiers of Ansr ash-Shar'ah were from the first to pledge bay'ah in Libya to the Islamic State. This group continues to have men who wish to implement the Shar'ah despite the groups' abandonment of the lost obligation of the era and its preference of division to unity, most clear in its lack of a bay'ah to the Khalfah and in its unity with "revolutionary" movements linked to the apostate regime of Tarbulus in some regions as well as its acceptance in other regions of suspicious aid from filthy hands. It also has contradictory stances from region to region due to the different orientations of its leaders and the alignments of its soldiers. Some of the contradictory stances are also due to the closeness of some of their leaders towards those of "al-Q'idah in the Islamic Maghrib" present in Libya. Dbiq: How is the situation in the Libyan wilyt with respect to governance? Abul-Mughrah: In Libya, the Islamic State continues to be a young mission as its presence has not completed a full year. The Islamic State, for example, was able to rule

dabiq 61

Destroying a statue in the city of Darnah
Darnah by Shar'ah despite the presence of obstacles and bitterness manifest in deviant parties and divided factions who ignored to pledge bay'ah to the Khilfah. The result of enforcing Shar'ah laws upon the strong and weak and enforcing repentance upon the apostates with the presence of some of these deviant and divided factions in the region led to the Islamic State being fought by these parties altogether and their announcement of war against it. In the cities and regions that it controls, the Islamic State has laid down the proper foundation. It knows that the establishment of the religion and implementation of Shar'ah cannot be properly achieved with the presence of deviant and divided groups, organizations, and parties within its territory. {Establish the religion and do not be divided therein} [Ash-Shr: 13]. And so it works to rid the lands of this menace while implementing the Shar'ah. Dbiq: What is the story of what took place in Darnah? Abul-Mughrah: The treachery of the Sahwt in Darnah is due to the difference of religion, the conflict of methodologies, and the arrogance of some "revolutionary" leaders present in Darnah. The Islamic State embittered these people with its pure methodology and clear path. It was able to achieve in a month what they were unable to achieve in the three years that passed. It openly declared the kufr of the apostates and called them to repentance, including the Ab Salm brigade. The word of truth and
A number of Africans embrace Islam in the city of Sirte

its declaration angered them. It also removed the evils, enforced good, and banned evil. So they began their filthy steps with a plot for treachery. They coordinated with the apostate "Libyan Islamic Fighting Group" to make a formation, which they named "Majlis Shr Darnah." They also deviously took critical locations in the city in preparation to strike the Islamic State. They attempted to contrive problems so as to be an excuse to battle the Islamic State. The beginning of their treachery was their targeting of two checkpoints near the western and eastern entrances to the city. They laid siege to the Islamic court building, justifying that with flimsy excuses. {And Allah does not guide the plan of betrayers} [Ysuf: 52]. The Islamic State withdrew from the city center of Darnah in the beginning of the battle and made the eastern entrance to the city (the area of al-Fat'ih) a launch ground for its operations against these Sahwt. Thereafter, "Majlis Shr Darnah" announced the launching of the "Battle of Nahrawn" to take al-Fat'ih area with the aid of forces called "Shuhad' al-Jabal," who belong to the Libyan Haftar army. The Islamic State continued to advance towards the center of Darnah. In the last few days, it retook areas of the eastern coast side of Darnah. All praise is due to Allah. And the battle carries on. Dbiq: What is the story of what took place in Sirte? Abul-Mughrah: As for Sirte, then the story was not so much one of treachery but that the Islamic State had gained recent control over the city and there remained pockets in the city belonging to the supporters of the tght Haftar and others belonging to the supporters of the tght Gaddafi, as they consider Sirte his birthplace. There was also resistance from some of the Madkhal Murji'ah, who carried arms against the Islamic State. The destruction of these pockets of resistance was achieved and their arms and wealth was taken as booty. The repentance of those who repented was also acknowledged. All praise is due to Allah. Dbiq: What kinds of needs do the Libyan wilyt have in terms of personnel (scholars, doctors, engineers, fighters, etc.)? Abul-Mughrah: The Islamic State here in Libya is still young. It is in great need of every Muslim who can come, especially medical, shar', and administrative personnel, in addition to fighters. Dbiq: What is the importance of the Libyan wilyt regarding the future of the Khilfah and the Islamic Ummah and the war against the crusaders and apostates?

62 INTERVIEW

A group of Muslims and mujhidn declaring their bay'ah in Wilyat Tarbulus
Abul-Mughrah: Libya has a great importance for the Muslim Ummah because it is in Africa and south of Europe. It also contains a well of resources that cannot dry. All Muslims have a right to these resources. It is also a gate to the African desert stretching to a number of African countries. It is important to note also that the Libyan resources are a concern for the kfir West due to their reliance upon Libya for a number of years especially with regards to oil and gas. The control of the Islamic State over this region will lead to economic breakdowns especially for Italy and the rest of the European states. Dbiq: We've seen the messages from our Ansr brothers in Libya inviting Muslims around the world to perform hijrah to the Libyan wilyt of the Khilfah. Which regions of the world do most of the muhjirn come from? Abul-Mughrah: All praise is due to Allah. The muhjirn come from all places to the Islamic State especially from Africa, the Islamic Maghrib, Egypt, and the Arabian Peninsula and occasionally from Western nations. Dbiq: Are there any difficulties involved in performing hijrah to Libya?

Abul-Mughrah: There is no reward without hardship, especially when it comes to jihd and hijrah. But it is easy for those for whom Allah makes it easy. Those who have resolved to perform hijrah should purify their intentions, rely upon Allah , and make very much supplication. They should remember that despite the difficulties of hijrah, {Whoever leaves his home as a muhjir to Allah and His Messenger and then death overtakes him ­ his reward has already become incumbent upon Allah. And Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful} [An-Nis': 100]. Dbiq: What advice do you have to those Muslims who wish to perform hijrah to Libya? Abul-Mughrah: We begin with advice to the Muslims in general to have zuhd towards the Duny and its pleasures. They should not incline nor adhere to the Earth. They should be Ansr of Allah, perform hijrah, and strike the enemies of Allah. The supporters of the religion should know, {And whoever performs hijrah for the cause of Allah will find on the earth many locations and abundance} [An-Nis': 100]. We call them to march forth and incite them to support us. Dbiq: What advice do you have to the muhjirn in general, and to the muhjirn in Libya in particular? Abul-Mughrah: My advice to the muhjirn in general is that they should not become proud by their hijrah nor should they consider their jihd a favor they have done for Allah. They should make their intentions sincere, for there were those who performed hijrah to the Prophet  for the sake of Duny and a woman to marry, such as the man who was called "Muhjir Umm Qays." So we call you, our brother, to perform your hijrah for Allah and in support of His religion. Your path will be disturbed by difficulties and great obstacles. The actions are but by intention and comfort is not achieved by comfort.

Destroying a shirk tomb in the city of Darnah

Muslims rescued ­ by Islamic State soldiers ­ from the mischief of armed gangs near Barqah

dabiq 63

64 INTERVIEW

dabiq 65

Apostate government "scholars" with the crusader pope

Jubayr Ibn Nufayr  reported that Abud-Dard'  reported that he was with Allah's Messenger  when he  looked up towards the sky and said, "A time will come soon when knowledge is taken away from the people until they are no longer able to grasp any of it." Ziyd Ibn Labd al-Ansr  said, "How will it be taken away from us while we have read the Qur'n, for by Allah, we will read it and have our women and children read it [in another narration: and have the children of our children read it until Resurrection Day]?" He  said, "May your mother bereave you O Ziyd! I used to count you from the fuqah' of al-Madnah. Are not the Tawrh and Injl with the Jews and Christians? What have their books availed them?" Jubayr then met `Ubdah Ibn as-Smit  and said to him, "Have you not heard what your brother Abud-Dard' says?"

He then informed him of what Abud-Dard' said. `Ubdah  said, "Abud-Dard' spoke the truth. If you like, I will inform you of the first knowledge that will be taken from the people ­ Khush'. A time will come soon in which you enter a grand masjid and will not find a single person with khush'" [Hasan: Reported by at-Tirmidh and others]. In another narration, Jubayr Ibn Nufayr narrated the hadth from `Awf Ibn Mlik  to Shaddd Ibn Aws . Shaddd commented, "`Awf spoke the truth. Do you know what the taking away of knowledge is?" He responded, "I do not know." He said, "The disappearance of its vessels [the pious scholars or the soft hearts]" [Reported by Imm Ahmad].

