The spark has been lit here in Iraq, and its heat will continue to intensify ­ by Allah's permission ­ until it burns the crusader armies in Dbiq.
Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw r

02 05 09 11 17 19 23 25 29 33 37 43 47 51 55 59 64
1 CONTENTS

FOREWORD THE ALLIES OF AL-Q'IDAH IN YEMEN ADVICE TO THE MUJHIDN: LISTEN AND OBEY THE ALLIES OF AL-Q'IDAH IN SHM: THE END FROM THE PAGES OF HISTORY: BQIYAH TO OUR SISTERS: TWO, THREE, OR FOUR HIKMAH
MILITARY OPERATIONS BY THE ISLAMIC STATE AND AS FOR THE BLESSING OF YOUR LORD, THEN MENTION IT O YOU WHO HAVE BELIEVED, PROTECT YOURSELVES AND YOUR FAMILIES FROM FIRE THE REVIVAL OF JIHD IN BENGAL YOU THINK THEY ARE TOGETHER, BUT THEIR HEARTS ARE DIVIDED PARADIGM SHIFT PART II - BY JOHN CANTLIE IN THE WORDS OF THE ENEMY AMONGST THE BELIEVERS ARE MEN INTERVIEW WITH AB MUHRIB AS-SML SPECIAL

The coward Francois Hollande

The scene after the Khilfah's daring raids in Paris
Foreword
{They thought that their fortresses would protect them from Allah; but Allah came upon them from where they had not expected, and He cast terror into their hearts so they destroyed their homes by their own hands and the hands of the believers. So take warning, O people of vision} [Al-Hashr: 2]. The divided crusaders of the East and West thought themselves safe in their jets as they cowardly bombarded the Muslims of the Khilfah. {They will not fight you all except within fortified cities or from behind walls} [Al-Hashr: 14]. But Allah c decreed that punishment befall the warring crusaders from where they had not expected. Thus, the blessed attacks against the Russians and the French were successfully executed despite the international intelligence war against the Islamic State. Both crusader nations had undoubtedly destroyed their homes with their own hands through their hostilities towards Islam, the Muslims, and the Muslim body of the Khilfah. On "30 September 2015," after years of supporting the Nusayr tght in the war against the Muslims of Shm, Russia decided to participate directly with its own air force in the war. It was a rash decision of arrogance from Russia, as if it held that its wars against the Muslims of al-Qawqz were not enough offence. And so after having discovered a way to compromise the security at the Sharm el-Sheikh International Airport and resolving to bring down a plane belonging to a nation in the American-led Western coalition against the Islamic State, the target was changed to a Russian plane. A bomb was smuggled onto the airplane,

The nightmare in France has only begun
leading to the deaths of 219 Russians and 5 other crusaders only a month after Russia's thoughtless decision. A year earlier, on "19 September 2014," France haughtily began executing airstrikes against the Khilfah. Like Russia, it was blinded by hubris, thinking that its geographical distance from the lands of the Khilfah would protect it from the justice of the mujhidn. It also did not grasp that its mockery of the Messenger g would not be left unavenged. Thus, the Islamic State dispatched its brave knights to wage war in the homelands of the wicked crusaders, leaving Paris and its residents "shocked and awed." The eight knights brought Paris down on its knees, after years of French conceit in the face of Islam. A nationwide state of emergency was declared as a result of the actions of eight men armed only with assault rifles and explosive belts. And so revenge was exacted upon those who felt safe in the cockpits of their jets. Amrul-Mu'minn Ab Bakr al-Husayn al-Baghdd (hafidhahullh) said, "By Allah, we will take revenge! By Allah, we will take revenge! Even if it takes a while, we will take revenge, and every amount of harm against the Ummah will be responded to with multitudes more against the perpetrator. {And those who, when tyranny strikes them, they defend themselves} [Ash-Shr: 39]. Soon, by Allah's permission, a day will come when the Muslim will walk everywhere as a master, having honor, being revered, with his head raised high, and his dignity preserved. Anyone who dares to offend him will be disciplined, and any hand that reaches out to harm him will be cut off. So let the world know that we are living today in a new era. Whoever was heedless must now be alert. Whoever was sleeping must

2

now awaken. Whoever was shocked and awed must comprehend. The Muslims today have a loud, thundering statement, and possess heavy boots. They have a statement that will cause the world to hear and understand the meaning of terrorism, and boots that will trample the idol of nationalism, destroy the idol of democracy, and uncover its deviant nature" [A Message to the Mujahidin and the Muslim Ummah in the Month of Ramadan]. Yes, by Allah, the Khilfah will take revenge for any aggression against its religion and people, sooner rather than later. Let the arrogant know that the skies and the lands are Allah's. {Msa said to his people, "Seek help through Allah and be patient. Indeed, the earth belongs to Allah. He causes to inherit it whom He wills of His servants. And the final outcome is for the righteous} [Al-A'rf: 128]. So when will the crusaders end their hostilities towards Islam and the Muslims? When will they realize that the Khilfah is here to stay? When will they recognize that the solution to their pathetic turmoil is right before their blinded eyes? For until then, the just terror will continue to strike them to the core of their deadened hearts. On this occasion, we will not forget to commend the martyred "lone" knights of the Khilfah who struck out against the kfir and apostate enemies near them. These brave men were not content with merely hearing news about jihd battles, rather they distanced themselves from the traits of those who {would wish they were in the desert among the Bedouins, inquiring from afar about your news}, those who {if they were among you, they would not fight except for a little} [Al-Ahzb: 20]. They did not use the obstacles laid down by the kuffr on the path to hijrah as an excuse to abandon jihd against the enemies. They did not use a younger age or lack of training as an excuse to be mere bystanders. They sacrificed their souls in the noblest of deeds in pursuit of Allah's pleasure. We consider them such, and Allah is their judge.

Amongst these brave knights of tawhd and jihd was fifteen-year-old Farhad Khalil Mohammad Jabar, who on "2 October 2015" struck the crusaders of Australia and killed one of their personnel. Thereafter Faisal Mohammad carried the banner and his dagger to spear the crusaders of America on "4 November 2015," spilling their filthy blood in their insecure homeland. Earlier, on "10 October 2015," sixteenyear-old Ishq Qsim Badrn grabbed his blade and pierced citizens of the accursed Jewish state, filling the atmosphere with their screams. After Ishq, Muhannad Khall al-`Aqab carried his own weapon into a high security train station on "18 October 2015" and killed a soldier from an "elite unit" belonging to the Jewish army, causing the other cowardly soldiers to retreat. And on "9 November 2015," Anwar Abu Zeid ­ after repenting from his former occupation ­ attacked the American crusaders and their apostate allies, killing two American crusaders, two Jordanian apostates, and one South African crusader. These are the deeds of those upon the methodology of the revived Khilfah. They will not let its enemies enjoy rest until enemy blood is spilled in revenge for the religion and the Ummah. So let every such muwahhid barred from hijrah purify himself of the branches of lesser hypocrisy that hold him back from performing jihd in his location. Let him record his will, renew his bay'ah, carry the Khilfah banner, and strike the crusaders and their pagan and apostate allies wherever he can find them, even if he is alone. And he should remember that {whoever relies upon Allah ­ then He is sufficient for him} [At-Talq: 3]. And let the crusaders know that the Islamic State will remain despite all their military arsenal. {Say, "Do you await for us except one of the two best things while we await for you that Allah will afflict you with punishment from Himself or at our hands? So wait; indeed we, along with you, are waiting"} [At-Tawbah: 52].

EXCLUSIVE - Passports belonging to dead crusaders obtained by the mujhidn

3 FOREWORD

EXCLUSIVE - Image of the IED used to bring down the Russian airliner

Khlid Bturf - The new Harr of Yemen

As the Sahwah fever spreads through the ranks of al-Q'idah from Shm to its other branches, it is important to study the relationship between the other branches and regional apostate parties, as these relationships in addition to the irj' and hizbiyyah of al-Q'idah's leadership are the crucial driving force in converting al-Q'idah branches from parties resisting the American-led crusades into hardcore sahwt. In Khursn, al-Q'idah is with the Taliban factions who announced their adoption of nationalism and resistance towards wal' and bar', lied to the Ummah by attributing their deviant declarations to the deceased Mull `Umar, and shamelessly flaunted their brotherhood with the apostate tawght and the Rfidah. In India, they are the allies of the nationalist Kashmir factions whose advances and withdrawals are only by the order of the apostate Pakistani army. In North Africa, they are the allies of the Libyan factions who partook in the religion of democracy in the name of "Islam." And in Yemen, one of the top allies of al-Q'idah ­ after the `Abd Rabbuh battalions, the "Islh" parliamentarians, and the pro-Saudi "Salafiyyah" of Dammaj and Ma'rib ­ is the "Hadhrami Domestic Council." According to the introduction found on the council's official website, "The Hadhrami Domestic Council in the city of al-Mukall ­ the capital of Hadramawt ­ was formed and then announced on Monday, 13 April 2015, to be an authority for administering

the affairs of the Hadramawt capital city of al-Mukall after being granted control over it by those who collapsed it ­ Ansr ash-Shar'ah, `The Sons of Hadramawt'1 ­ on 2 April 2015.2 The Hadhrami Domestic Council was formed by a fine selection of the sincere men of Hadramawt including religious scholars, prominent figures, tribal figures, social figures, businessmen, academics, engineers, media professionals, and officers in the army and security forces. They shouldered their historical responsibility at a crucial moment for the sake of Hadramawt. They did not abandon it to an unknown future. They kept it from being a target of foreign forces, lack of authority and security, theft, destruction, and chaos. This is from the most important goals for which the Hadhrami Domestic Council was formed, in addition to shouldering the responsibility of administering the affairs of the city with the aid of the citizens and by preserving its security and stability and securing the continued delivery of necessary services including water, food supplies, electricity, medical care, waste management, education, and other services. The council also has high hopes in its citizens contributing towards achieving these noble goals and normalizing public life, each person in his realm of work and specialization, and that they will unite their ranks for the
1 Editor's Note: "The Sons of Hadramawt" is the new name used by the Yemeni branch of al-Q'idah as it dodges its former name "Ansr ashShar'ah." 2 Editor's Note: The coordinated handover of al-Mukall by al-Q'idah to this council was mentioned in Dbiq, issue 10, pages 67-68.

5 THE ALLIES OF AL-Q`IDAH IN YEMEN

Al-Mukall - After capturing this city from one group of murtaddn, al-Q'idah handed it over to another group of murtaddn

sake of Hadramawt as it needs all its sons to organize their affairs and not wait for others to do so." This clarifies that al-Mukall is run by the Hadhrami Domestic Council, that the council has blatant apostates (officers in both the army and security forces) amongst its ranks, and that al-Q'idah granted the council power after overrunning the city. In the first press release made by this council on "13 April 2015," only nine days after al-Mukall was overrun by alQ'idah, they said, "O free sons of Hadramawt, in light of the painful circumstances that the country in general faces, including the province of Hadramawt, especially its capital al-Mukall, the Council of the Scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah, the tribal elders, and a party of prominent figures and seniors took the initiative to repair the lands and protect them from slipping into bloody conflicts. A meeting occurred in which the Hadhrami Domestic Council was formed to become an authority in administering the affairs of the provincial capital and in coordination with and under the supervision of the governor of Hadramawt Province, Dr. `dil Muhammad Bhamd. With success granted by Allah, the council reached an agreement with the Sons of Hadramawt consisting of the following: First, they have to hand over all the public utilities and the administration of them to the Hadhrami Domestic Council. It is also the right of the Domestic Council to appoint whom it wishes as its head. Second, the Domestic Council is responsible for administrating the matter of public security and its stations. Third, what is needed to facilitate the job of the Council and administer services will be provided by the Sons of Hadramawt to the Domestic Council, as agreed by both sides ...

The council calls ... all the directors of offices and all the civil and security bodies to pursue their work under the supervision of the council ... The council also commends the efforts of Operation Decisive Storm under the leadership of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf Cooperation Council to deter the aggression of the Houthis and their allies." In this first press release, they blatantly flaunt their continued relationship with the tght regime of `Abd Rabbuh, they call on the apostates of the security bodies to carry on in their work, and they flatter the apostate tawght of the Arabian Peninsula, only nine days after al-Q'idah overran al-Mukall! In a press release on "23 May 2015," they eulogize the tght Ahmad Bhj, "governor" of the province of Shabwah under the `Abd Rabbuh murtadd regime, after he was killed fighting the murtadd Rfidah. In a press release on "16 June 2015," they said, "On the occasion of the arrival of the blessed month of Ramadn, the leaders and members of the Hadhrami Domestic Council ... send special greetings and great thanks to the Servant of the Noble Haramayn and all the leaders of the Gulf states." In a press release on "4 September 2015," they said, "We will not miss the opportunity in this declaration to offer condolences to our brothers in the coalition of Arab nations with respect to the victims resulting from a treacherous attack that led to the deaths of sixty Emirati, Saudi, and Bahraini soldiers. We ask Allah c to accept them as shuhad' as they defended their nations ... We convey to them the

6

condolences of the people of Hadramawt for the families of the shuhad' and their hope for their wounded to quickly recover." On "15 June 2015," they released an article in which they respond to their opposition. In the piece, they said, "How can it be believed that the Domestic Council is run by alQ'idah when the Council recognizes the legitimacy of `Abd Rabbuh whereas al-Q'idah considers him to be a tght?" On their website, they regularly report their relations with top officials from the `Abd Rabbuh regime including those from the Finance Ministry, the Education Ministry, the Central Bank, and the Defense Ministry, as well as the governors of various provinces. They also report on "24 April 2015" their dispatching of an official delegation to "Saudi" Arabia to meet with Saudi officials and both the prime minister and vice president of the `Abd Rabbuh regime in an effort to strengthen the relationship between the council and the Saudi and Yemeni regimes. In an announcement released on "21 April 2015," the council said, "Since ... the collapse of all the institutions of the state, army, and security, and the control of those who call themselves `The Sons of Hadramawt' over the affairs of the provincial capital, and after constant communication with the governor of the province of Hadramawt ... the scholars, tribal elders, and notables placed their exhaustive efforts into convincing `The Sons of Hadramawt' of the danger of their remaining in control of the political offices of the government and its other buildings, something that could lead to regional and international military interference whose outcome would be disastrous for the people and land. These efforts resulted in an agreement decreeing the handover of all government facilities and public security centers to a domestic Hadhrami council formed by scholars and tribal nobles ..." They go on to say, "The brother, the governor of the Hadramawt province, blessed this agreement; rather he initially agreed to be the head of the council. He later proposed being a coordinator and supervisor over the council. After a few days, the armed forces defending the airport, ad-Dabbah, Brigade 27, and Air force Brigade 190 all withdrew. It is not true that the Domestic Hadhrami Council received these camps and handed them over to `The Sons of Hadramawt.' Rather, the `Sons of Hadramawt' overran them first. Because of these events, an emergency meeting was held by the Domestic Council on 29/6/1436AH coinciding with 18 April 2015. The following resolutions were made there:" "First resolution: The negotiations between the Domestic Council and `The Sons of Hadramawt' will continue. The seizing of control over the public facilities and the responsibility to administer the affairs of the provincial capital will not be complete until `The Sons of Hadramawt' abide by

the following conditions. They must: A) Gradually hand over all the government facilities to the Domestic Council. B) Hand over the seaport, the airport, and the military camps to the Domestic Council. C) Hand over sufficient amounts and sufficient types of vehicles, weapons, and munitions (in accordance with the demands of the council's security committee) to enable the achievement of the council's duties in maintaining public security and military posts. D) Return at least two billion riyals from the money that was taken from the Central Bank to the Domestic Council for the council to manage the affairs of the province. E) Not execute arrests or house raids after the Domestic Council takes authority except if it is proven that an individual works against the security of the province." "The second resolution: Communication with the President and Vice President of the Republic, the Prime Minister, and the governor of the province will continue until a declaration is released in which they announce their support of the Domestic Council so as to achieve security, stability, and normalization of affairs in Hadramawt..." "The results of the negotiations with `The Sons of Hadramawt' were as follows: `The Sons of Hadramawt' agreed to hand over the public facilities and the administration of these facilities whenever the Domestic Council requests so. `The Sons of Hadramawt' agreed to hand over the seaport, the airport, and the military camps, except for Brigade 27, to the Domestic Council ... `The Sons of Hadramawt' agreed to provide the Domestic Council with a sufficient amount of vehicles, weapons, emergency vehicles, and police vehicles, so as to facilitate the job of the council's security committee ... `The Sons of Hadramawt' agreed to stop carrying out any arrests or house raids after the Domestic Council takes authority of the city unless the danger of an individual against the security of Hadramawt is certain." It becomes clear from these various press releases and declarations that the council is a project whose mission is to reestablish the `Abd Rabbuh regime in Hadramawt while taking advantage of the partisanship, irj', and foolishness of the Yemeni branch of al-Q'idah. After expelling a tght in power, al-Q'idah refused to take control of the land and rule it by Shar'ah themselves and instead handed it over to a selection of Ikhwn, Saudi supporters, grave worshippers, and former parliament, military, and security officials! Meanwhile, as their relationship with the nationalist resistance grows, their enmity towards the Islamic State surges. They are not able to fathom takfr and war against both the Rfid Houthis and the murtadd regime forces together. And if matters carry on as they had in Shm, the common enemy between the Yemeni Q'idah and the nationalist resistance will become the Khilfah. May Allah guide the soldiers in the ranks of al-Q'idah out of the ranks of partisanship and into the ranks of the Jam'ah before they follow the footsteps of the apostate Jawln front.

7 THE ALLIES OF AL-Q`IDAH IN YEMEN

8

[This article was first published in "Sawtul-Jihd," former magazine of al-Q'idah in the Arabian Peninsula (before the partisan Yemeni branch). The author of the piece r did not suffice with seeking knowledge and training, but instead led the battle against l Sall until he achieved shahdah for Allah's sake. May Allah accept him, reward him, and bless him.] I am pleased to present my advice to the mujhidn in particular, and the Muslims in general through "Sawtul-Jihd" magazine. The first piece of advice ­ following my advice to fear Allah and be mindful of Him ­ is to listen to and obey those whom Allah has given authority over the affairs of the mujhidn. The Ummah today has been afflicted by the treacherous, apostate rulers and leaders who have even violated the rights

of Allah in addition to the rights of His creation. And it is known that the authority of these rulers is invalid, and that it is obligatory to oppose them and wage war against them. But what is meant by listening and obeying here is in reference to those whom Allah has given authority over the affairs of jihd [and now, the Khilfah]. This is a very important and very serious matter, which the Wise legislator has urged. And His Messenger g has made disobedience of one's leader similar to disobedience of the Prophet g. Listening and obeying is from unity, cooperation, and strength, in contrast with quarrelling, disunity, and disagreement. Quarrelling and disagreement in jihd is considered a means of failure and defeat. {And do not dispute and [thus] lose courage and [then] your strength would depart; and be patient. Indeed, Allah is with the patient} [Al-Anfl: 46]. He who studies history and Srah sees that disobeying the

9 ADVICE TO THE MUJHIDN: LISTEN AND OBEY

leader ­ in any form ­ has a severe, adverse consequence, and the best example of that is what happened to the Sahbah in the Battle of Uhud when they disobeyed the Prophet g and as a result, the Muslim army suffered a setback and calamity, including many of the best Sahbah being killed, and the Prophet g and a number of other Sahbah being wounded. This was all the result of disobeying the leader, the Prophet g. And how many times has a leader been disobeyed in some of the lands and arenas of jihd, and the price paid as a result was calamity and tribulation that included blood being spilled and lives being lost, for disobeying the leader is not merely a sin that affects the sinner alone. Rather, it affects the entire group, and most of the time the entire army. How many times has a mujhid brother been ordered by his leader not to go to a certain area, but he disobeys the leader and as a result he lands in captivity! And how many times has a brother disobeyed the leader with respect to security measures and precautions, and as a result he and a group of his brothers land in captivity! There are many instances where a group of brothers were taken captive or arrested because one of them disobeyed the security precautions they were instructed with by the amr. One of the many small examples mentioned in this regard is an incident that was related to me by one of the brothers about a man who wanted to join the training camps in Afghanistan. The person responsible for his departure gave him instructions not to call his family until he reached Pakistan. But the brother disobeyed this order and called his family from the airport in his country just before boarding the plane. Immediately, his family hastened to speak to the airport officials and managed to catch him before the plane took off. So he paid the price of disobedience by being deprived of preparing for and undertaking jihd for Allah's cause! There are many such incidents, but here I would like to advise the brothers who have refused to live a life of humiliation and have overcome their desires and lusts, to fasten on themselves the bridle of listening to and obeying the leaders in everything big and small, for obedience is in everything except in sin. And if the leader's order is an issue of ijtihd where there are two or more legitimate opinions and the leader has adopted one of the opinions ­ regardless of whether it is the more correct or the less correct opinion ­ it is obligatory to yield to the opinion he has chosen and submit to his order, because the issue is an issue of ijtihd and there is no denunciation in that. And beware of looking for loopholes to avoid obeying the

order to the letter, as they are the causes of grief and calamity. Whenever someone wants to disobey the leader, if he were to look for an excuse for himself he would find it. So those who disobeyed the Prophet g in the Battle of Uhud, their excuse was that the battle was over and there was no longer any point in remaining on the archers' mountain, and so on and so forth... So do not look for excuses when you are thinking of disobeying the order, but rather compel yourself to follow the order and not overstep it. It is sad to see that the people of falsehood and the armies of the tawght listen and obey and that they are relatively disciplined. You would see one of them committing a sin - even committing kufr - and if he were asked about it he would foolishly say, "I'm a slave who's been given orders!" Whereas you find that listening to and obeying the leader [who does not order with sin] is a matter that is somewhat lost and weak when it comes to the mujhidn. Wallhul-Musta'n... It is obligatory on you, my noble brother, to harshly denounce anyone who disobeys the leader, and to assist your leader and your brothers in preventing any disobedience and mistake that the Ummah and the mujhidn would pay the price for. And know, O blessed one, that listening and obeying is from being humble towards the believers, and that to violate this is to be harsh on the believers! I conclude my advice with the following poetry: Listen to my truthful advice, for indeed I want good and
benefit for you, O my brother. Your obedience to your leader is an essential necessity, and
whoever disobeys his order commits a sin. To listen to and obey the leader is to listen to the com-
mand of Muhammad, the conveyer of glad tidings. As for opposing the command and disobeying, then it is a
sin against the Judge (Allah). And it is the foundation of weakness and defeat, and leads
to corrupt opinions and loss of resolve. And what occurred to the Sahbah in the Battle of Uhud
is forever a lesson for every believer. So adhere to and be diligent in obedience and don't get
tired. Listen both in times of dislike and delight, Unless the leader's order is against the Shar'ah, for there is
no obedience to the leader in such. I ask Allah to help both me and you, my brother, in listening and obeying, and to not to make us a cause for any harm to befall our brothers through our sins, and to forgive us if we forget or make mistakes.

10

Since the de-"Islamization" of the nationalist "Islamic" sahwt began ­ those factions having loyalty towards the Arab and Turkish tawght ­ not a month passes without a declaration of nationalism and democracy being released by the allies of al-Q'idah in Shm. The tawght are ordered by the crusaders to pressure the sahwt into announcing more and more concessions for continued military and non-military aid to reach them as well as for them to gain international political support and air cover from the crusaders. The concessions will not end, and thus their apostasy becomes more and more blatant for none to doubt, not even the most deviant Murji'.1 It's reached the point that even some within the Jawln front realized its allies were too shameless for the Jawln front to continue to openly support.2 And so former alliances were scaled back, downplayed, or ignored, reaching the point that the Jawln front publically coordinated a handover of their frontline posts to the Shmiyyah Front, an open ally of the American crusaders and Turkish tawght. It was not a mere withdrawal brought about by nonexistent military pressure but a coordinated handover by the Jawln front leadership documented in photos released by their close ally. This "withdrawal" was meant to present an image to the Jawln front "muhjirn" that their leadership does not cooperate with the agents of America.
1 Although the reality of the nationalist factions was always known by the leadership of the jihd claimants, they used the claims of the Murji'ah to treat the apostate and hypocritical factions as Muslims and to justify their alliance with them against the Islamic State. See Dbiq, issue 8, "Irj': The Most Dangerous Bid'ah," pages 39-56. See also Dbiq, issue 10, "Interview with Ab Samr al-Urdun," pages 70-76. 2 See in this issue, "In the Words of the Enemy."

But does a "jihd" group hand over its posts to crusader agents backed by crusader jets to fight against Muslims? In any event, over the last couple of months three major declarations were released by the nationalist allies of al-Q'idah in Shm. All three declarations reek of nationalism and democracy. On "15 September 2015," a declaration was released by the "Syrian revolutionary factions" in which they said: "The representatives of the Syrian revolutionary fighting factions have met together and discussed the presidential statement by the UN Security Council issued on August 17, 2015, as well as the plan proposed by the UN envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The meeting factions have acknowledged that the statement by the UN Security Council could provide an enabling environment for starting an objective political negotiation and trust-building among all parties. The meeting factions have reached a consensus on the following:" "1. We welcome the call to start a political process that leads to a political transition according to the Geneva Communiqué that stipulates establishing a transitional governing body that starts functioning as soon as an agreement on a solution is reached, and thus, performing all executive authorities, including those of the President of the Republic." "2. We emphasize the precondition of the departure of Bashar al-Assad and all the pillars of his regime, and that none of them would have a place or a role in the new Syria or the transitional phase."

11 THE ALLIES OF AL-Q`IDAH IN SHM: THE END

"We consider this as a basic precondition for carrying out any political process." "3. Implementing the resolution 2139 that calls for all parties to stop waging any attacks against civilians; and to refrain from the indiscriminate use of weapons on the populated areas, in the manner that includes the indiscriminate bombardment and dropping explosive barrels on civilians, as well as the immediate stoppage of coercive indiscriminate detention, torture and kidnapping, as well as the immediate release of all detainees." "4. We emphasize the implementation of the UN Security Council resolution 2165 for the year 2014 that allows all parties in the Syrian conflict to convey the humanitarian aid immediately and without any obstacles, so as to deliver such aid directly to the people." "5. We reject overlooking and being silent about the terrorist groups that the Assad regime summoned to Syria and embraced, while they actually exercise genocide and forced displacements of population as well as introducing demographic change in Syria; such groups include the sectarian militias, the Iranian Republican Guards and the Lebanese Hezbollah. We call for listing these groups on the Terrorism Lists." "6. Respecting the will of the Syrian people; as the Syrians are the sole beholders of the power for founding the Constitution of the future Syria and approving each of its articles. This means that there should be no prior principles imposed on the people as a way for confiscating their free will." "7. We call for excluding Iran from any consultations concerning the Syrian cause, as Iran is truly red-handed with the blood of the Syrians, being a supporter of the terrorist militias, as well as acting to ignite sectarian strife among the
The Shmiyyah Front receiving control of "ribt" points from the Jawln front

The UN Security Council - A crusader entity and a pillar of hope for the Sahwah
Syrian people, in addition to the fact that Iran does not recognize the Geneva Communiqué as a reference (though this Communiqué has been fully supported by the UN Security Council resolution 2118)." "8. We emphasize the continuity of the service-providing State institutions as a necessary and vital issue. And yet, we reject the continuity of the works of the army and security institutions. We call for dissolving the security apparatus and restructuring the army and the judiciary." "9. The UN Security Council stated that it is calling for holding political negotiations and achieving political transition on the basis of Geneva Communiqué. The establishment of a transitional governing body has been very clear and explicit in the Communiqué. And thus, we call the UN Envoy to engage directly into the implementation of the Geneva Communiqué in a manner that is surrounded with regional and international guarantees; all without reverting to any preempted measures or committees formed that would consume time and lead to the rendering of the Geneva Communiqué void of content." "10. We emphasize the necessity of having real guarantees that obligate to all parties to implement whatever is agreed upon; as the Syrian regime has been accustomed to non-commitment to all resolutions throughout the past five years." "11. The explicit grave Russian intervention on Syrian territory is undermining the efforts exerted to reach a political solution." "12. We call upon the UN and the UN Security Council to bear their responsibilities towards the Syrian tragedy, and to act seriously towards the implementation of the relevant resolutions in a manner that serves the interests of the Syrian people." This declaration was signed by the major factions allied to al-Q'idah in Shm, including some praised by the liar Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm (the Jawln front leader whose lies led to the famous mubhalah), as well as factions that are members

12

of "Jaysh al-Fath" and "Jund al-Malhim," both of which are coalitions having the Jawln front as a member. The factions who signed the declaration include "Free Syrian Army" factions, "Harakat Nr ad-Dn Zink," the "Shmiyyah Front," "Faylaq ash-Shm,"3 "Jaysh al-Mujhidn," "Al-Ittihd al-Islm li Ajnd ash-Shm," and "Ahrr ash-Shm."4
This declaration clearly displays the nationalist and tght background of these factions while not requiring any further comment. The sixth clause openly calls for the implementation of the pagan religion of democracy, not Shar'ah.
Then on "18 September 2015," a document was released titled "The Five Principles of the Syrian Revolution" and decorated with the jhil flag of Sykes-Picot. In it, they said:
"This is a declaration to the great Syrian people and the freemen of the world everywhere. As-Salmu `alaykum wa rahmatullh wa barakatuh. The Syrian revolution was launched against tyranny, corruption, and oppression, and to achieve justice, transparency, and the recovery of ravished honor and freedom. The revolution resisted what the regime confronted it with including various kinds of repression and offence. The Syrian people, the launchers of this revolution, are not able to compromise their human and national rights guaranteed to them by Islam and all the heavenly religions and the international laws and systems. They will carry on upon their path, holding on to all of its goals, through all legit means. Amongst these means is a political solution in accordance with the following fixed principles: 1) Eliminating Bashar al-Asad and all the pillars of his regime and to bring them before a just trial. 2) Dismantling the tyrannical intelligence and military apparatuses and building security and military apparatuses based upon honest national roots while preserving the other state institutions. 3) The expulsion of all the foreign and sectarian terrorist forces from Syria, represented by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, Hezbollah, Abul-Fadl al-`Abbs militia, and the Islamic State organization.5 4) Preserving the unity of Syria as a country and
3 "Faylaq ash-Shm" has released deviant statements in the past declaring its loyalty to the Saudi tawght. It is also one of the members of "Jaysh al-Fath" in Idlib. See Dbiq, issue 9, "The Allies of al-Q'idah in Shm: Part II," pages 6-7. Note: This faction and other factions also allied to the Jawln front released a statement on "25 September 2015" regarding the deaths of the hujjj in Mina. In the statement, they said, "We offer our condolences to our brotherly Saudi government on its grief and our grief. They have exerted all they could to serve the two noble Haramayn, something no fair person can deny." 4 Due to the backlash resulting from this declaration, some "Ahrr ashShm" leaders attempted to distance themselves from this declaration albeit unofficially through personal social media accounts. Whereas other Sahwah members insist that "Ahrr ash-Shm" approved of the declaration during their meeting in Istanbul. Nevertheless, until now, the movement has not officially distanced itself from this declaration despite its name being present as one of the signatories and despite the other signatories all being allies of "Ahrr ash-Shm." 5 Editor's Note: The Sahwah factions because of their religion of nationalism are not able to differentiate between the Rfid apostates (the apostate Iranian Revolutionary Guard, Hezbollah, Abul-Fadl al-`Abbs

people and preserving its independence, sovereignty, and its people's identity. 5) Rejection of any distribution of power based on political agendas and sectarianism." "Any method followed in negotiations for a political solution while not taking into account the dreams of the Syrian people is an attempt to bypass their goals. Accordingly, it is considered a waste of time. Similarly, any attempt to solve the important issues such as reconstruction, combatting terrorism, achieving domestic security and peace, and establishing a constitutional system, while not proceeding from the fixed principles of our great people will not be accepted by the Syrians, because doing so only dwarfs their cause and examines the symptoms while ignoring the root of the problem. Although, we consider that every effort provided to save Syria to be an appreciated effort, we believe that delaying the decision on the major issue ­ which is the departure of al-Asad and his militias, the establishment of a united, independent, national, Syrian state ­ without guaranteeing any serious promises in this regards, will only increase the complexity of the problem and the depths of the wounds. The Security Council ­ which is responsible legally, politically, and morally to preserve world peace ­ has failed to defend the Syrian people, contribute in achieving their noble goals, and prevent the occurrence of massacres carried out against them. This is while we see attempts to rehabilitate the regime, even serious endeavors to make it a part of the present and future of Syria. We also see the Security Council ignoring the terrifying massacres that occurred and continue to occur before and after the presidential statement. The national forces who signed this document reaffirm their adherence to the fixed principles of the Syrian people in their glorious revolution and consider that any transgression against these principles to be negligence towards the rights of the Syrians, disdain of their blood and sacrifice, and an effort that will never succeed, because it assumes and enforces a foundation that is rejected legally, politically, and morally." This document was signed by the major factions allied to the Jawln front. These factions include "Free Syrian Army" factions, "Harakat Nr ad-Dn Zink," the "Shmiyyah Front," "Faylaq ash-Shm," "Jaysh al-Mujhidn," and "Al-Ittihd al-Islm li Ajnd ash-Shm." It was also signed by the secularist Syrian National Council, the regional provincial councils belonging to the secularist Syrian National Coalition, Khlid Khawjah (head of the Syrian National Coalition), `Abdul-Jabbr al-`Akd (a former regime colonel, now an ally of the atheist PKK), and even George Sabra and Michel Kilo (Christian opposition politicians). Maybe the strangest point in this declaration is the first point, as Bashar al-Asad is a murtadd tght belonging to the apostate Nusayr sect and apostate Baath party; it is an obligation to kill him even if he
militia, etc.) and between the muhjir mujhidn (the muhjirn of the Islamic State). The Rfidah are apostates even if they are "fellow Syrians," and the muhjir is a Muslim even if he had been a Christian American before his Islam. See Dbiq, issue 8, pages 3-11.

13 THE ALLIES OF AL-Q`IDAH IN SHM: THE END

were never to have killed a single Muslim. How much more so is it obligatory after all the massacres he's committed! His evil is so clear-cut it does not require a trial to prove his apostasy and crimes except in the religion of the crusaders whom these nationalists seek to please. This was followed by a third document released on "3 October 2015." In it, they say: "Political offices of the undersigned rebel factions and the Syrian Coalition's political committee held a meeting and thoroughly studied the proposals put forward by the UN envoy Staffan de Mistura, namely the `Working groups' initiative. After in-depth reviewing of the regional and international reality engulfing the Syrian arena as well as recent sensitive developments with profound field and political influence, and out of our concern for the possibility of launching a new failed political process costing Syrians even more thousands of lives, and more destruction to the remnants of the country`s infrastructure, we affirm the following points:" "First: Participants in the meeting emphasize their commitment to reaching a political solution to achieve the goals of the revolution, preserve the identity of the Syrian people and end their suffering. This political process however must ensure that the current regime is not reproduced or that its head and pillars, whose hands are stained with the blood of Syrians, are not given any role in the transitional political process or in Syria's future." "Second: While forces of the revolution and the opposition have always dealt fully positive with the UN envoy despite the absence of any practical results on the ground, they emphasize they will continue to positively deal with the United Nations in order to achieve the interests of the Syrian people." "Third: The Syrian people have completely lost confidence in the ability of the international community to support
The Sahwah places trust in Staffan de Mistura, as the tght Asad cosies up to him

Members of Rfid Iran's "Revolutionary Guard"
their cause after five years of regime crimes committed against them with Iranian military support, Russian political coverage and a legitimacy that the international community still insists on providing to the murderous regime. The current popular outrage must be taken into account in any political process which must be preceded by real steps to win the confidence of the Syrian people. The most important of these steps is to explicitly declare that the head of the regime and its pillars cannot be given any role to play in the political process." "Fourth: Bashar al-Assad has no place in any political process depending on the following legal and practical reasons: Bashar al-Assad inherited power in an entirely illegal way. Bashar al-Assad became a war criminal the moment he began killing Syrians who peacefully demanded their rights. He used illegal chemical weapons against innocent civilians. These crimes have been documented by neutral international organizations to prevent any doubt in the matter. Bashar al-Assad and his regime have shown utmost reluctance to engage in any political process, have not abided by any declared truces, and have shown non-cooperation with the international community purely with humanitarian issues. All of this has left him with no credibility or confidence. While Bashar al-Assad and his regime have failed in their alleged war against ISIS or to achieve any intellectual or field victory against this extremist organization, there is compelling evidence on full coordination between the two sides and the role Assad's regime plays in the emergence of ISIS.6 Bashar al-Assad has opened the doors of Syria to foreign militias who commit the worst sectarian massacres at the same time
6 Editor's Note: There is no cooperation between the Islamic State and the Nusayr regime except in the lies of those who have been intoxicated by conspiracy theory shirk. The Islamic State does not cooperate with the Nusayriyyah, rather it massacres them and their forces as it has done in the former regime military encampments in Wilyat ar-Raqqah, Tadmur, and as-Sukhnah. It is battling them fiercely in Halab, Hims, Hamh, al-Barakah, and al-Khayr. The Nusayr jets regularly target Islamic State frontlines, buildings, fighters, and subjects in ar-Raqqah, al-Bb, al-Maydn, and elsewhere. But partisanship, nationalism, and conspiracy theory shirk is what drives the sahwt into fabricating claims of cooperation, because the sahwt themselves are used to cooperating and being slaves of the crusaders and tawght, they imagine that every entity must also be cooperating with and enslaved by other crusaders and tawght, as wal' and bar' is a nonexistent creed in the dead hearts of the sahwt. See also Dbiq, issue 9, "Conspiracy Theory Shirk," pages 14-19.

14

as fuelling sectarian rhetoric, which deprives him of any eligibility to participate in any political process that aims to unite the country. Finally, Bashar al-Assad has handed over Syria to Iranian and Russian invaders, thus committing an unforgivable act of betrayal to the country's history, its future and dignity." "Fifth: We consider that dissolving the security agencies and the restructuring of the military institution directly responsible for killing Syrians an essential item for any political solution. This beleaguered and crumbling military institution has turned into sectarian militias led by Iran. It cannot therefore form the nucleus of a national army, nor can it be trusted by the Syrian people to restore security and stability to the country." "Sixth: The formation of a transitional governing body is a process of full transfer of power in which Bashar al-Assad and pillars of his regime have no place. We emphasize the need to preserve state institutions and prevent their disintegration as they belong to the Syrian people, and to prevent the country from sliding into more chaos." "Seventh: We consider that proposing the `Working groups' initiative ignores the majority of the relevant United Nations resolutions on Syria, particularly resolutions 2118, 2165 and 2139. This initiative is in fact a complicated political process that requires confidence-building between the Syrian people on the one hand and the party that will sponsor the political process, namely the United Nations. Confidence-building can only be achieved through the implementation of the above-mentioned UN resolutions that the Syrian regime has so far disabled them." "Eighth: We consider that the `Working groups' initiative in its current form and its unclear mechanisms provides the perfect environment to reproduce the regime. These `Working groups' must instead be based on clear principles regarding standards for selecting the participants in these groups and the final vision for the solution." "Ninth: We condemn Russia's direct military escalation in Syria and consider the Syrian regime fully responsible as it has turned Syria into a hotbed for foreign intervention. The silence of the international community also bears responsibility for this escalation and represents a point of no return in the relationship between the Syrian people and Russia. This escalation clearly shows that Russia is not serious or sincere in its commitment to the political process, and that it has never been a honest mediator but a party to the conflict and a key ally of the criminal regime." "Tenth: While forces of the revolution and its institutions reaffirm commitment to our people, we vow to exert the utmost efforts to close ranks and correct previous mistakes. We also vow that the revolution will remain faithful to its princi-

ples and the blood of its fallen heroes, and that we will strike a balance between achieving our objectives and safeguarding our fundamental principles. We also pledge to alleviate the suffering of our people, expedite victory and to dedicate our political and military capabilities for this purpose." "Accordingly, the `Working groups' initiative in its current form is unacceptable neither practically nor legally unless the above-mentioned points are taken into consideration and the ambiguities shaping the mechanisms of this initiative are resolved." This deviant declaration reeking of nationalism and democracy was signed again by the major allies of the Jawln front in Shm including "Ahrr ash-Shm." It was equally signed by the Syrian National Coalition (the tght "Syrian Interim Government") and some of the factions allied to the PKK atheists. Again, there is no such thing as wal' and bar' in the creed of these factions, which is the reality of all the nationalist "Islamic" factions allied to the Jawln front. They are apostate parties that have no religion except factional interests. If the success of their faction or the preservation of their leadership necessitates worshipping the United Nations, democracy, or nationalism, then they worship these idols. Because they need to attract naďve fighters, they offer the occasional "Islamic" message domestically or quote some verses of the Qur'n here or there. However, the end mission is the establishment of a nationalist, democratic tght. For this reason, one of the "jihd" allies of the Jawln front ­ "Jund al-Aqs" ­ could no longer tolerate the condition of the factions and released a statement announcing its withdrawal from "Jaysh al-Fath." They explained the reason for their decision as follows: "Our recent withdrawal from Jaysh al-Fath has a number of reasons. A) Some of the factions in Jaysh al-Fath support missions contradicting the Islamic Shar'ah. This is clear in the last De Mistura statement released in which the sixth clause dictates: `Respecting the will of the Syrian people; as the Syrians are the sole beholders of the power for founding the Constitution of the future Syria and approving each of its articles. This means that there should be no prior princi-
The tght resolutions of the United Nations are yet another pillar of hope for the Sahwah

15 THE ALLIES OF AL-Q`IDAH IN SHM: THE END

ples imposed on the people as a way for confiscating their free will'! There were other clauses in the document that we consider to oppose the Shar'ah including the welcoming of Turkish intervention and other defeatist statements." They then announce their willingness to return to "Jaysh al-Fath" under some conditions, including, "All the factions of Jaysh al-Fath have to clarify openly and clearly their position towards all the missions contradicting the implementation of Shar'ah." Although their statement fell short of declaring war against these jhil factions, it does show that the matter has become so clear it should no longer require any more clarification from Dbiq. As for the Jawln front, will they now repent from their treachery and apostasy and distance themselves from their nationalist "Islamic" allies whom they allied together with against the Islamic State despite knowing very well of the nationalist apostasy within these factions? Will they wage war against them and return to the ranks of the Islamic State? It seems that their partisanship and love for leadership has outdone them, and they will continue to remain in the ranks of the Sahwah until their own allies turn on them. And Allah knows best. Finally, it is the apostate Sahwah coalition ­ the nationalist factions and their jihd claimant allies ­ and their likes inside and outside of Shm who united against the Islamic State that Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-`Adnn (hafidhahullh) pronounced takfr upon when he said, "We likewise renew our call to the soldiers of the factions in Shm and Libya. We call on them to think long before embarking to fight the Islamic State, which rules by that which Allah revealed. Remember, O you afflicted by fitnah, before embarking to fight the Islamic State, that there is no place on the face of the Earth where the Shar'ah of Allah is implemented and the rule is entirely for Allah except for the lands of the Islamic State. Remember that if you were able to capture one hand span, one village, or one city from it, the law of Allah in that area would be replaced with the laws of men. Then ask yourself, `What is the ruling on someone who replaces or is a cause for the replacement of the law of Allah with the law of man?' Yes, you commit kufr by such. So beware, for by fighting the Islamic State you fall into kufr whether you realize it or not" [O Our People Respond to the Caller of Allah]. In a later address, he reiterated that the Islamic State does not differentiate between their various individual intentions. This is because these factions have entered into a single alliance in which the upper hand is for nationalist apostasy, a reality not hidden now from their lowest-ranking soldiers. Accordingly, no matter how much some of them emphasize an "intention" to implement the "Shar'ah," supremacy within their alliance against the Islamic State is certainly not for the Shar'ah, rather it is for those who forcefully resist the Shar'ah and most of its clear-cut laws including manifestation of wal' and bar', the implementation of hudd,

and the performance of hisbah (commanding the good and forbidding the evil). Thus, their alliance is one of apostasy, and the individual is not excused due to his supposedly good intention. Therefore, Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-`Adnn said, "As for you, O factions of apostasy and treachery, O factions of disgrace everywhere, O scum. Is it not time you learn a lesson from your predecessors from amongst the factions all the long years in Iraq? Did you not benefit from the lessons you were taught in Shm? ... By Allah's permission, we are coming to you (O soldiers of the factions). And by Allah, we hold you as pitiful. So take these words from us and understand them. ... We know that your intentions, goals, and conditions are various. Some of you fight us because of our religion, as you don't want an Islamic state, out of dislike for the law of Allah, in support of the tawght, and while being content with manmade laws. These are a small selection of you. Many of you fight us despite claiming to want implementation of the law of Allah. But they have deviated and not found the correct path. Some of you fight us thinking we are a barbaric enemy against the Muslims. Others fight for the sake of the Duny or a salary from the factions. Others fight out of pride and bravery. And others have other various forms of intentions and evil. But know that we do not differentiate between these intents and goals and that our ruling upon you after overpowering you is one: a bullet splitting the head or a sharp knife inside the neck" [Say to Those Who Disbelieve, "You Will Be Overcome"]. If those holding supposedly good intentions were truthful, they would abandon the Sahwah alliance, repent from their apostasy, pronounce takfr upon their former allies, and wage war against them, not against the Islamic State. Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-`Adnn advised the Sahwah soldiers, "By Allah's permission, O soldiers of the factions, we are coming to wherever you might be even if after some time. We did not come initially for you, so do not stand in the face of the mujhidn. Whoever throws his weapons aside and repents is safe. Whoever sits in the masjid and repents is safe. Whoever enters his home, closes his door, and repents, is safe. Whoever from the factions and brigades abandons the war against us and repents is safe. They are safe concerning their lives and wealth despite the severity of their former enmity towards the mujhidn and despite the amount of transgression they'd committed before. O Allah, we have conveyed, so witness" [Say to Those Who Disbelieve, "You Will Be Overcome"]. May Allah c grant the mujhidn victory in Shm even if the crusaders, the tawght, their agents, and their allies despise such.

16

Probably the most memorable day after September 11th for many muwahhidn was the day the Islamic State was announced nine years ago in Iraq (Ramadn 1427). It was a state based upon tawhd and jihd with a Qurash imm. It was a foundation for the future khilfah. Its leadership disbelieved in defeatist compromise and relied upon Allah alone, even if such entailed being fought by the entire camp of kufr and deviance. A few months later, the Iraqi Sahwah was launched. The Americans provided corrupt tribes and partisan factions with the incentive and aid for the newly formed Sahwah to wage a treacherous war against the Islamic State. The Islamic State then, in 1427-1428AH, began losing territory to these crusader-backed apostates. It was experiencing just some of the tests and tribulations that all truthful believers face, as in the hadth, "The people who face the severest tribulations are the Prophets, then those most like them, then those most like them. A person is tested with tribulation to the extent of his religious practice. If his practice is strong, the tribulation he faces is stronger. And if his practice is weak, the tribulation he faces is in accordance with his religious practice" [Sahh: Reported by at-Tirmidh from Sa'd Ibn Ab Waqqs]. During the tumult of this Sahwah conspiracy, a point came in which it appeared to the weak-hearted that the Islamic State would be a legend of the past, reminding us of the Battle of al-Ahzb {when they came at you from above you and from below you, and when eyes turned upwards [in fear], and hearts reached the throats and you assumed about Allah various assumptions. There the believers were tested and shaken severely. And remember when the hypocrites and those in whose hearts is disease said, "Allah and His

Messenger did not promise us except delusion"} [Al-Ahzb: 10-12]. This was what occurred throughout the events of the Sahwah in Iraq. The believers were shaken severely but remained firm, whereas the hypocrites came out and began to criticize the creed and methodology of the Islamic State. And despite these great tribulations; a man spoke out with a truthful tongue and sincere heart; we consider him such and Allah is his judge. He was the recently appointed Amr of the Believers, Shaykh Ab `Umar al-Husayn al-Baghdd (may Allah accept him). He spoke his words holding good assumptions about Allah, being certain of Allah's promise, and having no doubts that Allah would ever forsake them. He said in his famous speech "The Harvest of the Years by the State of the Muwahhidn," released six months after the declaration of the Islamic State in Iraq and during the dark waves of the Sahwah: "The Islamic State is bqiyah (remaining). It is bqiyah because it was built from the corpses of the shuhad' and it was watered with their blood, and by this the market of Jannah was convened. It is bqiyah because the success granted by Allah in this jihd is clearer than the sun in the middle of the sky. It is bqiyah because it was not soiled by harm income nor a distorted methodology. It is bqiyah by the truthfulness of the leaders who sacrificed their blood and the truthfulness of the soldiers who raised it with their forearms; we consider them such, and Allah is their judge. It is bqiyah because it united the mujhidn and is the refuge of the oppressed. It is bqiyah because Islam has begun to rise and climb, the dark cloud has begun to scatter, and kufr has begun to be defeated and exposed. It is bqiyah because it is the supplication of the oppressed, the tear of the bereaved, the cry of the prisoner, and the hope of the

17 FROM THE PAGES OF HISTORY: BQIYAH

orphan. It is bqiyah because kufr in all its religions and sects gathered against it and because every treacherous and cowardly person of desire and heresy began to slander and defame it; so we became certain of the truthfulness of the goal and correctness of the path. It is bqiyah because we are upon certainty that Allah will not break the hearts of the oppressed muwahhidn and He will not let the oppressive people rejoice over such a defeat. It is bqiyah because Allah c promised in His explicit revelation by saying, {Allah has promised those who have believed among you and done righteous deeds that He will surely grant them succession to authority upon the Earth just as He granted it to those before them and that He will surely establish for them therein their religion which He has preferred for them and that He will surely substitute for them, after their fear, security} [AnNr: 55]. {And Allah is predominant over His affair, but most of the people do not know} [Ysuf: 21]." He said these words with certainty granted by Allah c alone. His words touched the depths of the hearts, reminding them of Allah's promise to His believers and keeping them firm for years to come. The Islamic State would remain, despite the crusaders, the tawght, the tribal and factional sahwt, the Rfidah, the Peshmerga, and the palace scholars. After the Iraqi Sahwah, the Islamic State remained with army camps in the deserts of al-Anbr, security cells operat-

ing in the cities of Iraq, and shar' judges to refer to for those who sought them. The hypocritical jihd claimants began bashing it by claiming it was the so-called mistakes of the Islamic State that brought about the Sahwah, when there was no root for the Sahwah save the dormant but lurking hypocrisy in the hearts of the corrupt criminals, partisan factions, and deviant heretics. And the historic word "bqiyah" continued to echo in the hearts of the mujhidn. It was not but a few years later that the Islamic State made a great comeback on the scene of Iraq. At the same time, it had entered into Shm and prepared the foundation for wilyt there. The words "The Islamic State is bqiyah" filled the air and echoed before this and also thereafter in various addresses of the Islamic State leadership. The Islamic State not only remained in Iraq, it had spread to the Arabian Peninsula, Shm, North and West Africa, Khursn, al-Qawqz, and elsewhere. This is the history behind the statement "The Islamic State is bqiyah." May Allah keep the Islamic State remaining and expanding until the muwahhid mujhidn fight the armies of the crusaders near Dbiq.

18

In the Name of Allah, the Lord of all things, who permitted marriage and prohibited fornication, created us from a single soul, created from that soul its mate, and dispersed from the two of them many men and women. May blessings and peace be upon the Prophet and Messenger who disciplined and taught his companions, and upon those who are guided by his Sunnah and follow him with excellence until the Day of Judgment. As for what follows: Indeed, when the Shar'ah of our Lord was eliminated, the laws and rulings of the kuffr gained power in the lands of the Muslims, Islam was shamefully abandoned, and faces turned towards promiscuous Europe, the voice of falsehood rose and with it the voices of those hostile towards the people of the religion, and the cancer of those who legislate besides Allah c ate away at the Ummah's body. They prohibited what He permitted, and permitted what He prohibited, and one of the most manifest things that they ruined and defamed in defense of women and their rights ­ as they claimed ­ was polygyny. They utilized their podiums to that end, including the podiums of the kufr parliaments and the secular TV channels, and placed on these podiums howling dogs, fools who do not perceive nor know their foolishness. Their poisoned words crept into the hearts of women from the lands of the Muslims, to the point that we almost couldn't find a single woman that is accepting of this issue, except for those whom Allah protected. Allah c said in His clear-cut revelation, {And if you fear that you will not deal justly with the orphan girls, then mar-

ry those that please you of [other] women, two or three or four. But if you fear that you will not be just, then [marry only] one or those your right hand possesses. That is more suitable that you may not incline [to injustice]} [An-Nis': 3]. This is a verse as clear as the sun that does not require extensive explanation or interpretation. Therefore, O slaves of Allah, you may marry two, three, or four women, unless you fear that you will have shortcomings in your fairness towards them or will fail to fulfill their rights, in which case you suffice with one wife. Ibn Kathr r said, "His statement {two or three or four} [An-Nis': 3] means marry any women you wish apart from the orphans. If one of you wishes he may marry two, and if he wishes, three, and if he wishes, four." Indeed, Islam was not the first to introduce polygyny. Rather, it was present in the shar'ah of those before us. Allah's Messenger g said, "Sulaymn Ibn Dwd q said, `I will surely have intercourse with a hundred women tonight, or ninety nine, and every one of them will give birth to a knight who will wage jihd for the cause of Allah...'" [Reported from Ab Hurayrah by al-Bukhr]. What's strange is that the Jews and the Christians taunt the Muslims with respect to polygyny, yet if they were to look into their own books they would've known that it was something present in their religions, for it is stated in their books that Ya'qb n had two wives and two concubines, and that Dwd n had a number of wives and concubines, as mentioned in 2 Samuel [5: 13] and 1 Samuel [25: 42 ­

19 NTOWTHOIN,GTHREE, OR FOUR

44]. They also stated that Sulaymn n had 700 wives and 300 concubines, as mentioned in 1 Kings [11: 3]. They also stated Rahba'm (Rehoboam) Ibn Sulaymn, who according to them succeeded his father in kingship, had 18 wives and 60 concubines. Thus, the men of the previous nations used to take many wives, and doing so was permitted in the shar'ah of those before us. Then the Shar'ah of Islam came and defined a specific number of wives that no Muslim is allowed to exceed, that number being four. As for concubines, then there is no limit. Slim reported from his father that Ghayln Ibn Salamah ath-Thaqaf embraced Islam while married to ten wom-
en. So the Prophet g said to him, "Choose four of them"
[At-Tirmidh reported it in "The Book of Marriage" and titled the subsection, "Chapter: What Has Come Concerning a Man Who Embraces Islam While Having Ten Wives;" Ibn Mjah also reported it in "The Book of Marriage" and titled the subsection, "Chapter: A Man Embraces Islam While Having More than Four Wives"]. Indeed, the legislation of polygyny contains many wisdoms. Amongst them is that women are greater in number than men, who face many dangers and hardships in their lives, such as war, hazardous work, and disasters. Likewise, young men tend to prefer virgins and abstain from marrying widows and divorcees, so who then would look after this group of women? Furthermore, Allah might afflict a woman with infertility, but instead of divorcing her Islam has permitted the man to marry another woman while keeping his infertile wife honored and supported. Also from the wisdoms of polygyny is that the woman, by her nature, has her life interrupted by phases in which she is unable to fulfill the rights of her husband, as is the case with menstruation, childbirth, and postpartum bleeding. So during such phases he can find in his other wives what should prevent him from falling into forbidden or suspicious matters. But, by Allah, if there were no virtue in polygyny other than the fact that it's a prophetic Sunnah from the best of mankind, we would have sufficed with that as a proof with which we would deafen the ears of the stubborn opponents. How much does it eat at my soul to openly mention a reality that makes the heart of a muwahhid bleed, that reality being that the opposition to polygyny, whether directly or indirectly, has gone beyond the blind women and now sits in the hearts of some of the female seekers of knowledge and women who adhere to the bulk of the shar' rulings. This became so after the calls of the enemies of Allah, the

religion, and His Messenger g found their way towards them through the doubts that these enemies propagate, doubts that effectively state, "No to polygyny. Polygyny is oppression towards women." And Allah is sufficient for us and the best disposer of affairs. And it saddens me to say that with some of them, the matter may reach the point of pronouncing a statement of kufr ­ and Allah's refuge is sought ­ or a statement that could imply kufr, and Allah's help is sought. You find her saying, with the Shaytn having inflated her with falsehood, "Anything but polygyny, anything but this ruling. O Allah forgive me, but I can't handle it, neither for myself nor for others." One woman even said to me when I was talking to her, "Do you want me to commit kufr and thereby apostatize? If I saw him with another woman it would be a fitnah for me with respect to my religious adherence, and I would leave my home and wander about in loss!" And another woman asked her friend, "What would you prefer? That Allah frees your husband after being imprisoned for years and he would then marry a second woman, or that he remain imprisoned and not do do?" So she answered her saying blatantly, "I prefer that he remain imprisoned, for that is easier on me than for him to marry a second wife!" My Lord, have mercy on us! For a Muslim, muwahhid husband to remain imprisoned by the Rfidah or other kuffr and be subjected to the worst kinds of torture is easier on the jealous woman than for him to come out of prison and practice a law from the laws of Allah?! This is all in addition to other dangerous statements which the woman doesn't really think much about, but which may cast her into the fire of Hell, and Allah's refuge is sought. And how many women in the lands of the Muslims display their "discontent" towards polygyny! I sat with some such women and advised them, and I found that with many of them the tone of their speech bears witness that this "discontent" is in fact a hatred of the ruling itself, even if the cursed Ibls has sugarcoated it for the woman and downplayed it for her, saying, "It's only that you don't want it for your husband, so you can't be blamed!" So here I warn her, and I remind her of the statement of Allah c, {But no, by your Lord, they will not believe until they make you judge concerning that over which they dispute among themselves and then find within themselves no discomfort from what you have judged and submit in submission} [An-Nis': 65]. So where is your submission and where is your obedience to the command of your Lord and and His wisdom? You were not named a "Muslimah" to to begin with except because you've submitted to Allah with tawhd and yielded to Him with obedience! And how many muhjirt there are who are seekers of knowledge and whom I would consider to be from the best

20

of women, except that as soon as you mention this issue they completely flip and almost promote the slogans of secularism without even realizing it. And there is no ability nor might except with Allah. Rather, from amongst them is she who praises Allah that her husband was killed before taking multiple wives, and to Allah we belong and to Him we will return! To her likes I say: Why did you make hijrah? Wasn't it to establish the Shar'ah of Allah in the land? And isn't polygyny a part of this Shar'ah? Know then that the One who has honored the Muslim woman and has given her rights that protect her from the plots of the wicked is the very One who has permitted for the man to marry those that please him of women. And based on that, it is not permissible for a woman who believes in Allah and the Last Day to argue concerning the Shar'ah of Allah, accepting what pleases her and rejecting what goes against her desires. Bishr al-Hf r (died 227AH) said, "All calamities lie in following your desires, and all cures lie in opposing them" [Sifat as-Safwah]. And indeed, this religion is a whole that cannot be divided. Allah c said, {So do you believe in part of the Scripture and disbelieve in part? Then what is the recompense for those who do that among you except disgrace in worldly life; and on the Day of Resurrection they will be sent back to the severest of punishment. And Allah is not unaware of what you do} [Al-Baqarah: 85]. So beware, my sister, of being from amongst such people, and beware of letting your blind jealousy lead you to disliking this shar' ruling, for it is feared that you would thereby fall into apostasy, as Allah b said, {That is because they disliked what Allah revealed, so He rendered worthless their deeds} [Muhammad: 9]. Imm Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyyah r stated when commenting on the yah, {O you who have believed, do not raise your voices above the voice of the Prophet or be loud to him in speech like the loudness of some of you to others, lest your deeds become worthless while you perceive not} [Al-Hujurt: 2], "So if raising their voices above his voice was a cause for rendering their deeds void, then how much more so is advancing and raising their opinions, intellects, personal tastes, politics, and experience over that which he came with? Is this not more befitting of being a cause for rendering their deeds void?" [I'lm al-Muwaqqi'n]. And every Muslimah should know that it is normal for her to be jealous and feel sad if her husband marries another woman, and we are not better than the Mother of the Believers, the pure siddqah, daughter of as-Siddq, `'ishah, of whose jealousy much has been narrated. However, she never opposed what Allah had permitted and did not prevent her husband ­ the Prophet g ­ from marrying another woman. 'ishah (may Allah be pleased with her and with her father) never stood in his way saying, "It's either me or her. Divorce me and marry her." Far be it from her to do so! The Shaytn ­ and it may be a human shaytn from amongst

the women ­ will say to you, "If he loved you, he wouldn't have married another woman while being married to you." So say to him or her, "Our Prophet g married seven women after `'ishah while she was the most beloved person to him, and his love for her did not weaken or decrease, until our Lord allowed him to pass away in her room with his head between her chest and her neck. May my mother and father be sacrificed for him!" He will also say to you, "You never had any shortcomings in any of your dealings with him, so where does he get the right to marry another woman while being married to you?" So say to him, "Even if I were from the most perfect of women, and the best of them in character, beauty, knowledge, and manners, the Legislator has not exempted me from amongst other women, and has given the man the right to marry a second, a third, or a fourth woman!" The whisperer, whether human or jinn, will also say to you, "You can prevent him, make things difficult for him, make his life unpleasant, and incite the children against him." So say to him, "Yes, I can, and indeed the schemes of women are tremendous, as our Lord has described, but where would I be with respect to having fear of my Lord b? And where would I be with respect to Him making things difficult for me in the Duny, and His questioning of me in the Hereafter, if I oppose what He has allowed and hate what He has permitted?!" He will also say to you, "You will not bear seeing your husband with another wife, and it'll inevitably be a fitnah for you with respect to your religious adherence!" So say to him, "It will not be a fitnah for me, and Allah is my protector. Allah will not abandon me when I have submitted to His wisdom and yielded to His law!" Then with the statement of Allah c, cut off from them the channels through which they try to blow and inflate you with falsehood: {It is not for a believing man or a believing woman, when Allah and His Messenger have decided a matter, that they should have any choice about their affair. And whoever disobeys Allah and His Messenger has certainly strayed into clear error} [Al-Ahzb: 36]. And my advice to you, my sister, O wife of a man who practices polygyny: I know with certainty that there is no jihd more difficult for a slave than jihd against one's inner self. Indeed, Ibnul-Qayyim r said, "The most obligatory jihd is to wage jihd against one's inner self, against one's desires, against the Shaytn, and against the Duny. So whoever wages jihd against these four things for the sake of Allah, Allah will guide him upon the paths to attain His pleasure, which lead him to His Paradise" [Al-Faw'id]. So if you wage jihd against this inner self that persistently incites you to do evil, place a barrier between you and the whispers of the retreater (Shaytn), restrain your jealousy with the

21 TWO, THREE, OR FOUR

reins of the Shar'ah, and remain patient and forbearing and anticipate Allah's rewards ­ for what is with Allah is better and more lasting ­ then you will be at ease, enjoy relief, and have a pleasant life. So pay no attention to the statements of unprincipled women whose sources of reference are vile plays and soap operas. Rather, let your example be the women of the prophetic household l. And every sister should know that when her husband wants to marry another woman, it's not obligatory for him to consult her, nor to seek her permission, nor to try and appease her. If he does that, it is an act of generosity on his part and a means of preserving the companionship between the two of them. So be content, my sister, submit to Allah with obedience, and yield to His law. And if a woman does this, then it is fitting for the Most Generous to increase her rewards in the Duny and the Hereafter. Here, I also wish to address the men, both those who have multiple wives and those who intend to take multiple wives, and remind them of two matters. The first is that the woman, as is known, was created from a curved rib, so if you, our brother, have made the decision to marry a second, then I remind you by Allah to be gentle with her and speak softly to her, and be extremely patient and tolerating when you inform her of your intent. Don't be afraid of her initial reaction, be patient with her, and use in your advice the words of Allah c and the hadth of His Prophet g. And if she's stubborn, then frighten her with the Almighty and remind her that this is a part of this Shar'ah, and that we are in a state whose system of rule is khilfah upon prophetic methodology insh'allh. If, however, she refuses and is arrogant then I say to you what Allah b said addressing the best of those who walked the earth: {O Prophet, why do you prohibit [yourself from] what Allah has made lawful for you, seeking the approval of your wives? And Allah is Forgiving and Merciful} [At-Tahrm: 1]. Imm at-Tabar r says, "The people of knowledge differed over which lawful matter Allah had permitted for His Messenger and His Messenger then prohibited himself from. Some of them said that it was Mriyah, his Coptic slave-girl, whom he prohibited for himself with an oath that he would not come near her, thereby seeking to please his wife Hafsah Bint `Umar, because she had become jealous of Mriyah being alone with Allah's Messenger g on her day and in her room. Others said that it was something he used to drink and which he liked. The correct statement on this issue is to say that what the Prophet g prohibited for himself was something that Allah had made lawful for him, and it's possible that it was his slave-girl, and it's possible that it was a type of drink, and it's possible that it was something other than that, but whatever it was, he prohibited for himself something that was lawful for him so Allah admonished him for prohibiting something that He had made lawful for him and declared the dissolution of the oath which he had taken and that it

was forbidden for him to make this prohibited for himself." For this reason, don't make it prohibited for yourself to help preserve the honor of a widow or become the guardian of an orphan because you seek to please your wife! As for the second issue, then I wish to remind the men, both those who have multiple wives and those who intend to take multiple wives, to fear Allah b, and also remember that oppression will be darkness on the Day of Judgment, and that the crooked side of your body will not be rectified by the wife whom you crookedly inclined to in the Duny, thereby oppressing another of your wives in the process and falling short in your duties towards her and mistreating her. That day {a man will flee from his brother and his mother and his father and his wife and his children} [`Abas: 34-36]. Furthermore, the frontiers of the Islamic State ­ may Allah grant it victory ­ have increased in number and its frontlines have multiplied after all the paths of kufr and nifq allied together to wage war against it, and no war takes place except that there are people killed on both sides, as Allah c said, {Indeed, Allah has purchased from the believers their lives and their properties [in exchange] for that they will have Paradise. They fight in the cause of Allah, so they kill and are killed} [At-Tawbah: 111]. How many a shahd ascends from this Duny ­ we consider him so, and Allah is his judge ­ and leaves behind a grieving wife and orphaned children. So who after Allah c is willing to take care of them? If one of the Sahbah j were killed and he had a wife, the others would race one another to propose to her once she had completed her `iddah, each one wanting to help preserve her honor and become the guardian of an orphan, knowing that his reward is with the Master b. And I used to always say to my Muslim sisters, "Allah b says, {Never will you attain the good [reward] until you spend from that which you love. And whatever you spend ­ indeed, Allah is Knowing of it} [li `Imrn: 92], and the husband is from amongst that which the wife loves, so why doesn't she spend from him, seeking the face of her Lord, by being content with him marrying another woman?" Let every sister just put herself in the shoes of the wife of a shahd and sacrifice some of the selfishness that is a part of our nature! And our final call is: Praise be to Allah, the Lord of all creation. May Blessings and peace be upon our leader, Muhammad, and upon all his family and companions.

22

Jam'ah Or Jhiliyyah
Allah's Messenger g said, "Whoever sees something from his leader that he dislikes, then he should be patient with him, for whoever parts from the Jam'ah a handspan and dies, dies a death of jhiliyyah" [Reported by alBukhr and Muslim from Ibn `Abbs]. Allah's Messenger g said, "Whoever leaves obedience, parts from the Jam'ah, and dies, dies a death of jhiliyyah" [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim from Ab Hurayrah]. Allah's Messenger g said, "Whoever withdraws his hand from obedience will meet Allah on Resurrection Day without having any excuse. And whoever dies without having a bay'ah binding him, dies a death of jhiliyyah" [Reported by Muslim from Ibn `Umar].
23 HIKMAH

DOercDisiivveisnieosns
Allah's Messenger g said, "Whoever gives bay'ah by offering the promise of his hand and the truthfulness of his heart, then he must obey the ruler as much as he can. If another person comes disputing the ruler's authority, then strike that other person's neck" [Reported by Muslim from Ibn `Amr]. Allah's Messenger g also said, "If bay'ah is given to two caliphs, then kill the second of them" [Reported by Muslim from Ab Sa'd al-Khudr]. The Prophet g said, "There will be tribulation and tribulations. So whoever comes to divide the matter of this Ummah while it is united, then strike him ­ whoever he may be ­ with the sword" [Reported by Muslim from `Arfajah]. In another narration, he g said, "Whoever comes to you wanting to break your strength or divide your unity while your matter is altogether under a single man, then kill him [i.e. the agitator]" [Reported by Muslim from `Arfajah].
24

A SELECTION OF MILITARY OPERATIONS

BY THE ISLAMIC STATE
As the soldiers of the Khilfah continue waging war on the forces of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations conducted by the mujhidn of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expanding the territory of the Khilfah or terrorizing, massacring, and humiliating the enemies of Allah. These operations are merely a selection of the numerous operations that the Islamic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last two months.

Wilyat al-Khayr - On Wednesday the 25th of DhulQa'dah, the soldiers of the Khilfah carried out an assault on the forward defense position for the missile battalion base at the Dayr az-Zawr military airbase and succeeded in taking control of the position. Two istishhd operations were then carried out by our brothers Ab Ayman ashShm and Abul-Khans' al-Hims using a tank and a BMP rigged with explosives. They targeted two groups of Nusayr soldiers inside the battalion base, and their attacks were followed by an assault in which the mujhidn succeeded in taking complete control of the base and capturing a large quantity of ghanmah. One month later, the mujhidn would score another major victory in their ongoing efforts to capture the Dayr az-Zawr airbase. In a string of blessed operations, the soldiers of the Khilfah, by Allah's grace, succeeded in capturing a number of strategic points in the

vicinity of the airbase, including the Abul-Wald farms, Buyt ad-Dughaym, Dashmat Hamad, and the Zanbiy factory next to the entrance to the airbase. This occurred after several days of continuous clashes during the course of which several istishhd operations were carried out. The soldiers of the Khilfah continue to besiege the airbase, anticipating its pending liberation, bi idhnillh. Wilyat al-Barakah - On Wednesday the 1st of Dhul-Hijjah, our brother Ab `Amr al-Barakah succeeded in breaching PKK security checkpoints in the city of al-Barakah and attacked the murtaddn's public relations headquarters located on the outskirts of the Mushayrifah neighborhood. He detonated his explosive vehicle, destroying the headquarters, killing nearly 30 murtaddn, and wounding several others. May Allah accept him amongst the shuhad'.

Achieved shahadah during the operation that led to the capture of the missile battalion base in al-Khayr

Bengal - On Monday the 14th of Dhul-Hijjah, a security cell comprised of the Khilfah's soldiers in Bangladesh targeted and killed the Italian crusader Cesare Tavella, following him on one of the streets of the city of Dhaka and shooting him with a silencer. Just five days later, they struck again, targeting Kunio Hoshi, a citizen of Japan, one of the member nations of the crusader coalition. He was closely tracked and eliminated in the city of Rangpur using a firearm. Just three weeks later, on the 10th of Muharram, the mujhidn detonated a number of IEDs on the Dln temple in the city of Dhaka as the Rfidah were conducting their shirk rituals, killing and wounding nearly 100 of them. Eleven days later, the mujhidn assaulted a checkpoint in Dhaka, killing one policeman and wounding another.

A Nusayr soldier shortly before he's killed

Wilyat `Adan Abyan - On Tuesday the 22nd of DhulHijjah, four istishhd operations targeted a gathering of Saudi, Emirati, and Yemeni officers and pounded the Yemeni government's headquarters. The first was carried out by our brother Ab Sa'd al-`Adan, who detonated his explosive truck at the Palace Hotel, which served as the government's headquarters. He was followed by the second istishhd, Ab Muhammad as-Sahl, who detonated his explosive Hummer at the same location, killing the murtadd soldiers present there. The third istishhd attack was carried out by our brother Aws al-`Adan targeting the Saudi and Emirati forces' central operations base. He detonated his explosive

25 A SELECTION OF MILITARY OPERATIONS

armored vehicle, killing dozens of them. He was followed by the fourth istishhd, Ab Hamzah as-San'n who detonated his armored explosive vehicle on the Emirati military administration headquarters. May Allah accept them amongst the shuhad'. Wilyat Halab - On Friday the 25th of Dhul-Hijjah, clashes took place after the soldiers of the Khilfah stealthily advanced towards Sahwah positions on Thursday night. The murtaddn withdrew from their positions and the soldiers of the Khilfah took control of the strategic infantry school. Meanwhile, another series of clashes that had begun on Thursday night continued for a number of hours and ended with the soldiers of the Khilfah taking control of extensive territory in other parts of the northern countryside. The captured areas included the regions of al-Hurrah, Tall Sha'r, and Mazri' Ssiyn, as well as the cement factory and the small juvenile prison, and the villages of Ffn, Tall Qarrh, Tall Ssn, and Kafr Qris. A dozen Sahwah fighters were killed and a number of others imprisoned during the course of the operation, and the mujhidn captured light and heavy weapons and an assortment of ammo as ghanmah. Two Sahwah convoys then attempted to flee from the village of Tall Qarrh. The soldiers of the Khilfah, however, were lying in wait for them and succeeded in ambushing and completely destroying both convoys and killing more than 40 murtaddn, with not a single Sahwah fighter escaping, walhamdulillh. Just two days later, on the 27th of Dhul-Hijjah, the soldiers of the Khilfah took control of two storehouses in the village of Tall Ssn specifically designated for fighting the Islamic State in the northern countryside. The storehouses contained large quantities of all types of ammo, as well as light, medium, and heavy weapons, and some American weapons, in addition to shells, artillery cannons, wireless devices, night vision scopes, and other military equipment. This string of victories demonstrated the mujhidn's ability to make rapid and significant gains against the sahwt despite intense crusader aerial bombardment, and set the stage for further advances in the northern countryside. Wilyat Hamh - On Saturday the 10th of Muharram, the soldiers of the Khilfah launched a surprise assault on important Nusayr checkpoints along the regime's supply route to the city of Halab between the regions of Athriy and Khansir. The assault began with two istishhd operations targeting the Athriy checkpoint and continued towards the road leading to Khansir. During the course of the operation, which sought to cut off the Nusayr regime's main arteries between Halab, Hamh, and Hims, the soldiers of the Khilfah succeeded in capturing 17 military checkpoints along the road, and approximately 70 Nusayr soldiers were killed. They likewise succeeded in destroying three tanks after targeting them with antitank missiles. With the Islamic State's capture of this section of the road

The istishhd attack on the murtaddn's headquarters at the Palace Hotel in `Adan Part of the Sahwah convoys ambushed as they attempted to flee from Tall Qarrh The soldiers of the Khilfah stomped the murtaddn at the Athriy pumping station

26

and the checkpoints it contained, the Nusayr regime's supply route to the city of Halab and its countryside was completely cut off. The Nusayr regime made a failed attempt to recapture some of the points it had lost, summoning a convoy of reinforcements. The soldiers of the Khilfah confronted them and succeeded in completely destroying the convoy and killing its personnel. They also captured a number of tanks and BMPs, two Shilkas, two 120mm artillery cannons, a 37mm artillery cannon, and nearly 10 Dushka and 14.5mm machine guns as ghanmah, in addition to a number of light weapons and various types of ammo. Battles continued for several days as the mujhidn continued advancing, capturing 6 more checkpoints and two hills, in addition to the heavily fortified Athriy pumping station. The Nusayr regime made several attempts throughout the week to recapture the locations it had lost, summoning one convoy of reinforcements after another. Their increased desperation led them to rely on dozens of Russian airstrikes as well as Iranian Revolutionary Guard forces and Rfid militias in an attempt to reverse the gains made by the mujhidn, demonstrating the extent to which the Islamic State has worn down the Nusayr army, rendering it largely impotent without the support of its Rfid and Russian allies. Wilyat al-Hijz - On Monday the 12th of Muharram, our brother Ab Ishq al-Hijz carried out an istishhd operation with an explosive belt targeting a gathering of Ism'l murtaddn in the Mashhad temple in the Dahdah neighborhood in the region of Najrn. He succeeded in killing and wounding several of them, walhamdulillh. May Allah accept him amongst the shuhad'. Wilyat North Baghdad - On Tuesday the 13th of Muharram, during the course of the Battle of Ab Ziyd az-Zayd (may Allah accept him), the soldiers of the Khilfah carried out a major assault launched from three points against Safaw army barracks and bases at the Smarr' Dam. They captured a number of barracks and burned a number of others, and also took several vehicles as ghanmah. Our brother Ab `Abdir-Rahmn al-Jazrw then carried out an istishhd operation with an explosive water tank targeting Safaw soldiers and Rfid fighters near the Saytk Center at the Smarr' Dam. He succeeded in killing and wounding dozens of them, and was followed by our brother Ab Mus'ab al-Misr who carried out another istishhd operation with a ZiL truck carrying 14 tons of highly explosive substances. He pounded a convoy of murtaddn assembled at the dam, and was followed by a third istishhd operation carried out by our brother Ab Muhammad at-Tjk. He targeted another group of murtaddn with his explosive vehicle, killing and wounding dozens of them as a major retreat was taking place by the Safaw army and its Rfid militias. Wilyat Salhuddn: - On Wednessday the 14th of Mu-

harram, the soldiers of the Khilfah carried out a major assault on Safaw army and Rfid Mobilization locations from several points in the regions located west of Smarr', including the regions of ash-Sharf `Abbs, al-Khuzaym Street, al-`Abbsiyyah, and the dam. Four istishhd operations were carried out with explosive vehicles targeting groups of Safaw soldiers and Rfid Mobilization fighters near the highway between Smarr' and Tikrt, and another two groups west of Smarr', one of which was a group of vehicles. The operations succeeded in killing and wounding dozens of murtaddn and destroying several vehicles. The soldiers of the Khilfah then attacked Safaw army and Rfid Mobilization barracks with various types of weapons in the district of al-Huwaysh northwest of Smarr', burning the barracks as well as three Hummers. During the course of the ongoing battles west of the city of Smarr', the soldiers of the Khilfah assaulted and captured 8 Safaw army barracks in the region of al-Lyin after those inside the barracks fled. They then continued their advance and completely captured the regions of ash-Sharf `Abbs, al-Lyin, and Smarr' Silo. The mujhidn also captured dozens of vehicles as ghanmah, in addition to light, medium, and heavy weapons, mortar rounds, and various equipment. They also took control of the road between the cities of Tikrt and Smarr', and captured three vehicles as ghanmah, two of which were mounted with heavy machine guns, in addition to a bulldozer and two Kornet missiles. Wilyat Dimashq - In an operation that began on the night of Saturday the 17th of Muharram, the soldiers of the Khilfah launched a major assault on the town of Mahn west of the city of al-Qaryatayn. Our brother Ab Nsir ash-Shm carried out an istishhd operation with an explosive vehicle, targeting and blowing up the A'lf checkpoint on the outskirts of the town. The mujhidn then assaulted Nusayr positions and succeeded in capturing the town, whose strategic importance lies in the fact that it's located just 10km off the highway between Hims and Dimashq and near the Shu'ayrt military airbase. In addition, the mujhidn succeeded in capturing the weapons storehouses there. Wilyat Sayn' ­ On Saturday, the 17th of Muharram, the soldiers of the Khilfah succeeded in downing a Russian airliner above Wilyat Sayn' with more than 220 Russian crusaders onboard, all of whom were killed, walhamdulillh. This was to show the Russians and whoever allies with them that they will have no safety in the lands and airspace of the Muslims, that their daily killing of dozens in Shm through their airstrikes will only bring them calamities, and that just as they kill, they will be killed, by Allah's permission. Lebanon ­ On Thursday, the 29th of Muharram, the soldiers of the Khilfah in Lebanon parked a motorbike rigged with explosives on al-Husayniyyah Street in the region of

27 A SELECTION OF MILITARY OPERATIONS

Burj al-Barjinah located in the southern suburb of Beirut, a Hizbul-Lt stronghold, and detonated it on a gathering of Rfid mushrikn. When the murtaddn subsequently gathered at the site of explosion, one of the soldiers of the Khilfah detonated his explosive belt in their midst. The operation succeeded in killing more than 40 Rfidah and wounding over 200 more, and sent a clear message to the Rfid allies of Bashar in Lebanon that they are well within the vengeful reach of the Islamic State. May Allah accept our istishhd brother amongst the shuhad'. France ­ On Friday, the 1st of Safar, 8 soldiers of the Khilfah carried out an operation in the heart of French crusader territory. The operation involved multiple simultaneous attacks with explosive belts and assault rifles on various targets including the Stade de France stadium, where the crusader president Francois Hollande was attending a soccer match, and the Bataclan theatre for exhibitions, where hundreds of French mushrikn had gathered for a music concert. The attacks, which included other targets around Paris and succeeded in killing hundreds of crusaders and wounding even more, shook the world and reminded the nations of kufr that the Islamic State will continue to stand firm in the face of their transgressions and retaliate with fire and bloodshed in revenge for the honor of the Prophet g and the multitudes killed and injured in crusader airstrikes in the lands of the Muslims.

The soldiers of the Khilfah punish Hizbul-Lt in their Rfid stronghold The soldiers of the Khilfah were quick to take revenge after Russia's airstrikes

Carnage on the streets of Paris following the Islamic State's blessed assault

28

Allah's Messenger g said, "Whoever is blessed with a blessing and mentions it, has shown thanks for it. Whoever hides it, has denied it" [Sahh: Reported by Ab Dwd from Jbir Ibn `Abdillh]. Al-Hasan Ibn `Al k said, "If you acquire good, then tell your brothers." `Umar Ibn `Abdil-`Azz r (died 101AH) said, "Mentioning a blessing is thankfulness." Ab Nadrah r (died 108AH) said, "The Muslims used to consider that speaking about a blessing was part of showing thanks for it." Al-Hasan al-Basr r (died 110AH) said, "Mention this blessing often, for mentioning a blessing is thankfulness." Qatdah r (died 118AH) said, "Spreading good news of a blessing is part of showing thanks for it." Al-Jarr r (died 144AH) and Yahy Ibn Sa'd r (died 143AH) both said, "It used to be said that counting the blessings was from thankfulness." Al-Fudayl Ibn `Iyd r (died 187AH) said, "It used to be said that talking about a blessing was part of showing thanks for it." Ibn Ab al-Hawr said, "Al-Fudayl Ibn `Iyd r (died 187AH) and Sufyn Ibn `Uyaynah r (died 199AH) sat one night until morning mentioning the blessings. They kept saying, `Allah blessed us with such and such. Allah blessed us with such and such.'"1
From the greatest of blessings granted to the Muslim Um-
1 These narrations from the Salaf and the scholars were quoted and referenced in the tafsr of the verse. See "Ad-Durr al-Manthr."

mah in general and to the mujhidn in particular is the revival of the Khilfah, the Muslim body which had been absent for several centuries since the collapse of the `Abbs Khilfah. No one realizes this blessing more than one who has experienced the crusader lands of the West, then Shm tormented by the Baathist and Nusayr tawght, followed by Shm plundered by the apostates of the Free Syrian Army and its nationalist allies. Yes, the revived Khilfah is a blessing that no matter how much one attempted and strived to thank Allah for, he would never be able to fulfill the gratitude due upon him. But one has an example in Dwd (`alayhis-salm) who was reported to have said, "My Lord, how can I thank You for Your blessings while I am not able to thank you except by Your blessing?" So Allah revealed to him, "O Dwd, do you not know that the blessings you have are from Me?" He replied, "Of course my Lord." Allah said to him, "I am pleased with such as thankfulness from you" [Reported by Imm Ahmad in "AzZuhd"]. We also have an example in Ms n who was reported to have said, "My Lord, how can I thank You while I am not able to compensate the smallest blessing from the blessings You've granted me with the total of all my deeds?" So Allah revealed to him, "O Ms, now you have thanked Me" [Reported by Imm Ahmad in "Az-Zuhd"]. Yes, Allah c blessed us by reviving the Khilfah for us through the soldiers of the Islamic State. He also blessed us by allowing us to thank Him for this great blessing. And none of this was achievable if not for Him alone.
Strangeness Strangeness is a condition that the Muslim living in the West cannot escape as long as he remains amongst the crusaders. He is a stranger amongst Christians and liberals. He is a stranger amongst fornicators and sodomites. He is a

29 AND AS FOR THE BLESSING OF YOUR LORD, THEN MENTION IT

stranger amongst drunkards and druggies. He is a stranger in his faith and deeds, as his sincerity and submission is towards Allah c alone, whereas the kuffr of the West worship and obey clergy, legislatures, media, and both their animalistic and deviant desires. For them it is strange that one manifests sincere submission to His Lord in word and deed. It is strange that one works for the khirah, giving it priority to the Duny. It is strange that one does not pursue his animalistic desires like a beast and even experiment with perverted desires like a devil! They are as the accursed Sodomites who said about Lt n, {"Evict them from your city! Indeed, they are men who keep themselves pure"} [AlA'rf: 82]. This prevalence of deviance ­ although expected, as it was prophesized in the Sunnah ­ is against the fitrah of a human being, never mind the Muslim who has by his Lord's grace held onto his fitrah of sincerity, purity, and morality. And although the Mu'min stranger is blessed in the Sunnah of the Messenger g, the Mu'min does not strive to make Islam strange. Rather he strives to revive and spread Islam and make jhiliyyah endangered and extinct. Thus, the Muslim in the West is in a constant struggle. His fitrah is at war with the deviant drifts of the kuffr surrounding him. The battle to preserve his fitrah and faith knows no ceasefire. If he wants to preserve what mustard seed of faith he has been blessed with, he must exhaust himself to the utmost so as to remain just a Muslim, never mind a Mu'min striving for jihd. If he abandons the struggle or briefly falters, he will quickly find himself an apostate. Another difficulty present in the West is that in general no masjid exist except those of dirr (evil harm) and deviance run by the Ikhwn, the Sufis, the Madkhilah, the Surriyyah, the Tablgh Jam'ah, the Deobandis, and the modernists. There are almost no masjid in which one can seek shelter from heresy and belong to a community of strangers. If the proper da'wah exists, it is mostly against the deviant parties in control of the "masjid," as they become the priority when there is no abode for the truth nor body representing it. In general, this is the case most Muslims have experienced while living in the West. He feels himself a stranger and is in constant search for a land in which he can practice his Islam more fully, especially if he hopes for jihd and is under the threat of crusader intelligence agencies persecuting him. He sleeps every night with a knife or pistol beside him, fearing an overnight or early morning raid on his home, for he regularly reminds himself and others with the obligation of jihd. This is how I had felt in the West and so I fled with my religion towards Shm a few years before the "Syrian Revolution."

I immediately felt different amongst the people of Shm. I no longer felt a stranger for merely adhering to some of the manifest rites of Islam that would create shockwaves in the West. But much was still missing. Having a longer beard drew suspicion from the murtadd security forces. Raising your hands before and after ruk' also drew their suspicions, as it implied you were Salaf. Seeking knowledge also drew their suspicions. The intention for jihd was a crime. Animosity towards the tght was also a crime. Takfr of the Rfidah, the Nusayriyyah, and the Baathists was a crime as well. It continued to feel strange in Shm, although the degree and nature of the strangeness were less severe. There, relatives and colleagues only spoke about the Duny. Their tongues were busied with the prices of basic goods and the décor of their homes. Otherwise, they backbit each other. `Aqdah and jihd were strange to many if not most people. They had been corrupted by the "religion" propagated by regime government "scholars" and "religious" satellite media. I had to argue with some who thought that Jamal Abdil Nasir, Bashar al-Asad, the Nasserites, the Baathists, and other Arab tawght and murtaddn were "Muslims"! I had to argue with others who thought that the Rfidah, Hasan Nasrullt, and Hizb al-Lt were "Muslims" and even "mujhidn"! Worse, I had to argue with those who thought that the Nusayriyyah were "Muslims"! I even had to argue with some who thought that seeking intercession from the dead or cursing the religion was completely "normal"! This was shocking, considering that I had always held good assumptions about the people living in the Muslims' lands and assumed that the murtadd tawght had not succeeded in corrupting the religion of people except superficially. The atmosphere there was also a bit dangerous, as the Duny being the priority of most people affected one's struggle for jihd. It was another strangeness one had to deal with. A few years later, I observed the "Arab Spring" jumping from Tunisia to Egypt to Libya to Yemen. I hoped that the chaos brought about by the "Arab Spring" would come to Shm, as it would facilitate the revival of jihd there. At the same time, I thought that because of how much the people of Shm dreaded massacres like those committed by the regime during the early "1980s" in Halab, Hamh, Tadmur, Jisr ash-Shughr, and elsewhere, and because of how much their religion was damaged by fifty years of Baathist rule, in addition to their attachment to the Duny, they would never move. I was wrong, and some youth made the move, those who had only heard of these massacres in stories their parents narrated to frighten them into apathy. I met some of these youth, cooperated with a religious selection of them, and gained firsthand insight into the nature of the protests. Sadly, a large collection of the protestors was not driven by Islam. Many secularists, who called for a new tght based in democracy, would repeat "Allhu akbar" due to the back-

30

ground and culture they were raised in, not because they believed Allah was greater and accordingly alone had the right to legislate. Many of them would attend tarawh and Friday prayers only to join the protests, otherwise they had nothing to do with prayer and masjid. I myself had to argue with a secularist who had come to attend the funeral of a man upon the manhaj of jihd killed in prison by the Nusayr regime. I told the secularist shortly before the funeral, "I advise you to repent from secularism before the funeral. Otherwise, if you die, you will be in Hellfire." Rather than taking my advice, he shouted and argued that Syrian nationalism and separation of religion and state were not secularism! This was because the ignoramus thought that secularism was synonymous with atheism. At a later incident, I ended up in prison for some time after being caught by the murtadd Shabhah. I was in a chamber with sixty prisoners all of whom were also arrested for reasons related to the protests. Sadly, less than ten of the sixty would pray the five daily prayers! And cursing the religion was not uncommon amongst these prisoners. Alhamdulillh, my imprisonment was short, lasting a week. Amongst the protestors, there were also those thoughtless "Islamists" who would admit that Burhn Ghalyn and the Syrian National Council were kuffr, but would claim it was not the time to declare takfr of them! (There were also the online jihd claimants that said it was not the time for jihd because it would damage the image of the "revolution.") Again, it was a new strangeness one had to deal with. As the protests became more militant, the slogans raised by the various nationalists and secularists also became more militant. The presence of the Islamic State in the arena ­ first under the name of "Jabhat an-Nusrah," then under the name of the Islamic State of Iraq and Shm (before the revival of the Khilfah) ­ also forced the political and religious spectrum in Shm to shift. The secularists and nationalists were now in a propaganda race with the mujhidn. The Free Syrian Army, the tght-backed factions, and the crusader-backed proxies all had to appeal to the inclinations of the common folk in Shm, who in general dislike secularism even if some are ignorant of what Islamic rule should be. It was also harder to convince a Muslim or even an ignorant claimant of Islam to fight for a cause when the choice was between getting killed for a little money or attaining a place near Allah in Jannah. And so many of the secularists and nationalists became more "Islamic" (only superficially), and some of them even joined and infiltrated some of the more "Islamic" factions. Before having the opportunity to join the Islamic State, which had entered Shm under the name of "Jabhat an-Nusrah," I fought in some battles alongside members of some local factions who then claimed to fight for the Shar'ah; that was before foreign aid caused their hypocrisy

The protestors raised the flags of jhiliyyah alongside those with the shahdah written on them
to surface. Deeply rooted nationalism and regional pride were matters they could not rid themselves of. Those from the countryside always boasted with pride that they were from the countryside and not from the city. Those from certain villages would always boast that they were from one village and not another. Smoking in Ramadn was customary amongst these fighters. Cursing the religion at moments of anger was not uncommon. Robbing the common folk and stealing war booty was widespread. I realized that they were a Sahwah waiting for a sponsor to activate them. Alhamdulillh, I was able to join the Islamic State, called "Jabhat an-Nusrah" then. Thereby, the strangeness again reduced in its severity. But it did not cease to exist. In addition to the apostates of the Free Syrian Army, we were surrounded by hypocritical factions who were lurking in wait to announce their wal' to democracy and the tawght. Any muhjir who was wanted by the crusaders or the tawght was cautious of these hypocrites, for there was nothing preventing them from arresting him and handing him over to the kuffr. These hypocritical factions always caused problems for the muhjirn, as if they were ordered to do so by the crusaders and the tawght. It was another form of strangeness one had to deal with. The Islamic State leadership was wise and ordered that its operations under the name of "Jabhat an-Nusrah" be generally independent of the deviant factions. But many of the Syrian leaders in "Jabhat an-Nusrah" had drawn closer to the deviant factions, due to them having relatives or former colleagues in these factions. They were thus sensitive to the concepts of wal' and bar' and sam' (listening) and t'ah (obeying). They detested legit criticism of these factions. They complained of the order from the Islamic State leadership to avoid ­ as much as was possible ­ cooperation with the more deviant factions. They criticized the order to disassociate from those factions. They would blame all problems between the "Jabhah" and the other factions on the presence of muhjirn. Slowly, they tried to limit the reception of muhjirn. In Halab, this order was given by

31 AND AS FOR THE BLESSING OF YOUR LORD, THEN MENTION IT

The blessing of the Khilfah spread to all the arenas of jihd including Somalia
Ab Ahmad Zakkr ­ former leader of Halab appointed by Jawln. That was two months or so before the official announcement of the Islamic State of Iraq and Shm. The blessed announcement was made and split Shm into two distinct camps with a fading grayzone. This polarization also aided in shifting the religious and political spectrum even more. The nationalist and criminal factions had to feign an "Islamic" tone, one whose hypocrisy would resonate. Suddenly various factions changed their banners and names to appear more "Islamic." They would mix their nationalist messages with occasional words that could be interpreted in a manner that a naďve youth would consider "Islamic." This superficial "Islamization" of the factions carried on until three months before the Sahwah, when a process of de-"Islamization" began. Even the jihd claimants allied to the nationalist and secularist factions changed their tone. Suddenly they were admitting the presence of muhjirn and murmuring takfr of the tawght, after months of claiming such issues would "damage" the jihd. Then came the events of the Sahwah, but unlike the Iraqi Sahwah in "2006/2007" that forced the Islamic State out of the cities into the deserts of Iraq, the Sahwah brought the Islamic State consolidation it had not experienced as extensively before in Shm. Suddenly vast regions of alKhayr, ar-Raqqah, Hims, eastern Halab, and al-Barakah were exclusively under the rule of the Islamic State without any hypocritical or apostate factions disputing its rule therein. The expansion of the Islamic State after the Sahwah conspiracy was followed by further consolidation in Iraq and the revival of the Khilfah. Suddenly the muhjir could travel from al-Bb and Manbij in Shm to Mosul and al-Falljah in Iraq, while not fearing anything but a flat tire. The Khilfah was revived, and muhjirn were now pouring into Shm from all corners of the Earth at a rate much greater than ever before. One no longer felt the strangeness

he would experience in the lands of the crusaders nor that in the lands of the tawght nor that in the territories of the nationalist factions. He now had his own land, where his creed was upheld and his methodology was enforced, the creed and methodology of Islam, the Sunnah, the Jam'ah. No ikhwnism, no irj', no hizbiyyah. After almost twenty years of living under the persecution of the crusaders and the apostates, one could finally live an Islamic life with safety and security. He was able to practice his faith in jihd without worry of the kfir intelligence agencies suddenly raiding his home. He could pronounce takfr of the tawght and the murtaddn without fear of imprisonment. He could raise his children away from the school systems of the kuffr without fear of the social services kidnapping his children. And he was no longer a stranger inside his own community. He was surrounded by muwahhid mujhidn. He would easily find several mujhidn walking besides himself on any major street inside the cities of the Islamic State. If he went to the masjid or even the shops, he would find mujhirn and ansr. Many of the common folk were also eagerly rushing to Shar'ah courses to learn and practice their religion. The conversation of many of them became, "Is such and such bid'ah? Is such and such Sunnah?" after years of conversation about the Duny alone. The severe strangeness had been lifted. The only strangeness to confront was that of the crusader alliance, the Sahwah alliance, and the Safaw alliance. But this strangeness was welcome, as it was the key to shahdah and Jannah. O Allah, what comes to us of good is from You alone; You have no partner; To You is due all praise and thanks. O Allah, preserve the great blessing of the Khilfah for us until Prophet `s n descends to lead us. O Allah, make us from Your thankful slaves. Finally, Allah's Messenger g said, "Whoever does not thank the people has not thanked Allah" [Reported by Imm Ahmad and at-Tirmidh from Ab Hurayrah]. And this Khilfah would not be safe if not for those Allah chose to guard its frontlines. May Allah reward the murbitn, muqtiln, and shuhad' with great good in both the Duny and khirah. And all praise is due to Allah by whose blessing all good matters are completed.

32

Syrian elementary school children being indoctrinated into a system of kufr

Shortly before making hijrah to Shm a few years ago from the crusader nation in which I'd been raised, my mother mentioned to me that she had recently spoken to a family friend from back home who asked her about our condition and the condition of other families from the same country who were living in the West. She told me that she claimed we were all doing well ­ and in the Duny sense we were in fact doing fairly well ­ when in reality, as my mother said, "Every family that comes here suffers one calamity or another with respect to their children." What she was referring to, as she went on to clarify, were the countless Muslim youth in the West who get themselves tangled into drugs, alcohol, gangs, promiscuity, and other vices and social illnesses over which any decent Muslim family would weep for its children. And yet as terrible as these vices may be, the fact remains that many still downplay the severity of kufr in comparison with other sins. This is not to water down the issue of committing sins but for the sake of perspective I need to make it clear that this is addressed to Muslims who are risking their entire Hereafter by continuing to live under the authority of the crusaders waging war against Islam or in lands ruled by

apostate tawght governing by manmade laws. In such a scenario, the blessed ones are often those who are able to survive with their mn intact and a mountain of sins to answer for on the Day of Judgment. But even in the case of those who eventually make the decision to leave such lands and perform hijrah to drul-Islm after Allah guides them and opens their eyes to the dangerous situation they are in, it's often too late for their family. For many, the decision to save themselves comes after they've already lost their children, some to drugs and promiscuity, and others to kufr, shirk, and even atheism. And it all begins in the schools. Many of those who send their children to the schools of the kuffr are "uneducated"1 and thereby unable to teach their children themselves, so they rely on others to teach them. Many others are in financial need, so they don't have the money to hire a Muslim tutor that can teach their children without incorporating un-Islamic 1 This is a term used to refer exclusively to secular "education." Many people have been duped into believing that a secular "education" is a "necessity," so much so that they consider it a child's essential "right" to waste dozens of years in school to obtain a piece of paper that may ultimately have nothing to do with the profession he later works in! In addition to this, one could memorize the Qur'n and study the Sunnah with a scholar, but if he ­ despite all that ­ hadn't completed his secular "education," he would be labeled "uneducated"!

33 O YOU WHO HAVE BELIEVED, PROTECT YOURSELVES AND YOUR FAMILIES FROM FIRE

concepts into their lessons and are thus "forced" to send their children to the schools of kufr, or so they claim. In the case of those who migrated to the West, most are unable to speak the language of the land, so they're left at a severe disadvantage when it comes to monitoring what their children are being taught in such schools. And from there, things go downhill. Children attending the schools of the kuffr are first introduced to the kufr concept of nationalism, whereby they are required to stand for the national anthem, and in places such as America, pledge allegiance to some national symbol such as the flag, or recite nationalistic slogans, or pledge allegiance to a tght king or president, as is the case with the lands ruled by murtadd nationalist tawght. The point is to indoctrinate them into the system as early as possible by beating into their heads that their loyalty, first and foremost, is to the nation or to their race, not to the people of Islam, not to their religion, not even to Allah! This runs contrary to wal' and bar', a fundamental cornerstone of Islam. {Your ally is none but Allah and His Messenger and those who have believed ­ those who establish prayer and give zakh, and they bow [in worship]. And whoever is an ally of Allah and His Messenger and those who have believed ­ indeed, the party of Allah ­ they will be the predominant} [Al-M'idah: 55-56]. After initiating the destruction of their wal' and bar', the schools of kufr then introduce children to their open-ended concept of "tolerance" beginning at a young age. They teach them to tolerate and respect other religions, even though Allah says, {And whoever desires other than Islam as religion ­ never will it be accepted from him} [li `Imrn: 85] and {O you who have believed, indeed the mushrikn are unclean} [At-Tawbah: 28]. They teach them to tolerate and respect sodomites, even though Allah says, {And Lt said

to his people, "Do you commit such immorality as no one has preceded you with from among the worlds? Indeed, you approach men with desire, instead of women. Rather, you are a transgressing people"} [Al-A'rf: 80-81]. Apart from teaching them to accept all manner of religious deviance and social perversion, the schools of the kuffr encourage children to take part in the various festivals of kufr and shirk, including Christmas, Halloween, and Easter, amongst others. They have them dress up, paint their faces, sing songs, attend parties, exchange gifts, and take part in school plays held for these various occasions. In addition to integrating the students into a culture replete with kufr and shirk and overtly teaching them numerous concepts that nullify one's Islam, the kuffr seek to further corrupt them by incorporating anti-fitrah concepts into the curriculum that may lead them to question or even abandon their religion. This is the case with those who use certain "scientific principles" such as the so-called "scientific method" as a backdoor for questioning the existence of Allah, even though Allah granted mankind the faculties of perception to observe and reflect on the creation as a means of increasing their awe and reverence of Him, not for the purpose of leading them to kufr and atheism. {Indeed, in the creation of the heavens and the earth and the alternation of the night and the day are signs for those of understanding} [li `Imrn: 190]. This is just a brief illustration of the poison awaiting the youth and children of the Ummah who are sent to the schools of the kuffr, whether in the lands of the crusaders or in the lands of the apostate tawght. Having grasped the danger that Muslim children all over the world are exposed to, one can only ask how their parents could so willingly throw them into the fire of a kufr education system!

"Saudi" nationalist brainwashing at work

34

Indeed, raising one's children upon Islam and teaching them to know and recognize the truth and be able to distinguish it from falsehood is a trust from Allah and a heavy burden placed upon the shoulders of every Muslim parent. And in that regard, He has provided us with an excellent example to follow in terms of prioritizing what to teach our children. {And [mention] when Luqmn said to his son while he was instructing him, "O my son, do not associate anything with Allah. Indeed, shirk is great injustice"} [Luqmn: 13]. It was reported that `Al Ibn al-Husayn Ibn `Al Ibn Ab Tlib s (died 94AH) when teaching his child, would tell him, "Say, `I believe in Allah, and I disbelieve in tght'" [Reported by Ibn Ab Shaybah in his musannaf under the chapter titled "What It Is Preferred for a Child to Be Taught When He First Begins Learning"]. How is it then that one whom Allah has graced with the blessing of children could develop the audacity to neglect and belittle this trust that he's been burdened with by sending them to be "educated" by the enemies of Allah?! And if some wish to argue that they have no choice because their children will be taken away by the kfir authorities if they refuse to send them to school, I say to them, you are the ones who willingly choose to live like sheep in a land of wolves, so don't blame the wolf for coming to snatch his prey! What led you to herd your family to the lands of the crusaders in the first place, and what keeps you and those residing in the lands of the apostate tawght so firmly fixed in place, refusing to perform hijrah to the Islamic State? Is it a sincere desire to call the kuffr and murtaddn to Islam ­ all aspects of Islam, including those not tolerated by the enemies of Allah? Or is it perhaps a firm intention to fight them in their own lands? Or is it simply your deluded hope of attaining the Duny or your reluctance to sacrifice it for

the purpose of hijrah? If the answer is the latter ­ and those who are honest will admit that it is ­ then don't expect your Lord to bless your endeavor to reside peacefully in the lands of kufr for the sake of pursuing the luxuries of this world, all the while neglecting your clear-cut duties towards your Lord and His religion. Rather, you should fear that He will punish you in this Duny ­ through your children, amongst other means ­ before punishing you in the Hereafter if you refuse to sincerely repent before it's too late. In my mother's case, she would frequently state that her dilemma was a punishment from Allah, and would show understanding when I would express my disgust towards the idea of raising a family amongst the kuffr or sending my children to the schools of kufr. In one of our conversations on the topic, she reflected over the condition of one of my siblings and lamented that she would have been better off living as a beggar than to have migrated for the sake of the Duny and risk losing her children in the process. For others who truly care for their sons and daughters and have not yet lost them, but have made the same mistake of sending them to be "educated" by wolves out of some misplaced hope to see them succeed, I offer you the most sincere advice that I can give you on this topic before it's too late: {O you who have believed, protect yourselves and your families from a Fire whose fuel is people and stones} [AtTahrm: 6]. May Allah protect the Muslims and their children and youth from being corrupted at the hands of the kuffr and munfiqn.

Our children are a trust from Allah
35 O YOU WHO HAVE BELIEVED, PROTECT YOURSELVES AND YOUR FAMILIES FROM FIRE

36

377 THE REVIVAL OF JIHD IN BENGAL

The History of Jihd in Bengal As the Afghan jihd against the communists ended in the late "eighties," many of its veterans from various parts of the world ­ including Bengal1 ­ returned to their homelands with the idea of opening jihd fronts there based on their newly gained experiences. However, as many of the returnees to Bengal from Khursn had mistakes in their creeds and methodologies, including mistakes related to tawhd and wal' and bar', the founding of a proper jihd organization in Bengal based on the Qur'n and Sunnah and the understanding of the Salaf was delayed for years until the late "nineties" when Allah blessed the martyred mujhid scholar Shaykh `Abdur-Rahmn r with success in gathering a handful of muwahhidn from different parts of the land to form an organization named "Jam'atul Mujhidn" whose sole aim was establishing the law of Allah upon the earth. Thus, a new light of hope was born amidst the Muslims of Bengal, a land that for hundreds of years has been drowned in shirk and bid'ah due to the effects of both European colonization and Hindu cultural invasion.
The mujhid, Shaykh `AbdurRahmn (may Allah accept him), head of Jam'atul Mujhidn

tght along with the deviant palace scholars were shaken and so the murtadd government imprisoned and executed the noble Shaykh `Abdur-Rahmn along with a few other truthful scholars and mujhid commanders in "2007." May Allah accept them as martyrs and grant them the highest positions in Jannah. The former government, which consisted mainly of a coalition of murtaddn from both the "Bangladesh Nationalist Party" (BNP) and "Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh" (essentially the Indian subcontinent version of the so-called "Muslim Brotherhood"), foolishly thought that the call of tawhd, jihd, and khilfah would be crushed by the martyrdom of a few righteous scholars. The tawght, the palace scholars, and those with diseased hearts forgot the promise of Allah c, who said, {They want to extinguish the light of Allah with their mouths, but Allah will perfect His light even if the kuffr despise such} [As-Saff: 8]. They had forgotten that the tree of this Ummah is not watered except by the blood of its martyrs. These murtaddn also ignored Allah's warning mentioned in the quds hadith, "Whoever shows enmity towards a waly of Mine, then I have declared war against him" [Reported by al-Bukhr from Ab Hurayrah]. Thus, they felt secure from the punishment of Allah, ignoring His declaration of war against them. Within only a few years, many high-ranking officials and commanders of the tght forces ­ including some involved in the execution of the mujhid scholars ­ were killed in a mutiny within the ranks of the murtadd "Bangladesh Border Guard." In recent days, both the nationalist murtaddn of the BNP and the parliamentary murtaddn of the "Jamaat-e-Islami" ­ who both called for, rejoiced at, and actively partook in the "legal" process that led to the execution of the mujhid scholars ­ these same murtaddn were humiliated, dragged into prison, and given life-sentences and death penalties by the very same tght courts. Some of them have already been executed by

Relying upon Allah alone, Shaykh `Abdur-Rahmn r and a few other mujhid scholars with him strived their utmost to gather the Muslims of Bengal upon a single platform based on the Qur'n, the Sunnah, and the understanding of the Salaf. The newly formed group provided proper military training for the mujhidn and performed operations against the murtadd soldiers and judges of the tght government and courts that ruled by manmade laws. With these blessed operations, Jam'atul Mujhidn tried its best to awaken the Muslim masses of Bengal to the importance of ruling by Shar'ah and the fundamentals of wal' and bar'. By Allah's grace, the call of jihd reached various madris (Islamic schools) in Bengal and people started joining the jam'ah in great numbers. Thus, the forces of the
1 Editor's Note: Bengal is what the region was referred to before the founding of "Bangladesh" by nationalists in "1971."

Motiur Rahman Nizami - The murtadd head of the "Jamaate-Islami" organization

38

the tght government of the "Awami League." It was an ending similar to what befell the Iraqi sahwt at the hands of their former Rfid allies. Thus, Allah made an example out of the various parties of kufr that had cooperated against the muwahhidn. It was a lesson for others not to pursue a path leading to punishment in both the Duny and khirah. With the martyrdom of the mujhid leadership, the resolve of the caravan was tested heavily and the ranks were cleansed of a large number of hypocrites who had initially joined the group for potential worldly gains. Thus, only a few muwahhidn remained patient upon the difficult path of jihd and sacrifice while always maintaining certainty in Allah's promise and always expecting good from Allah. They neither gave up jihd like the weak-hearted nor did they deviate from the proper methodology of the Qur'n and Sunnah by going after "popular support" as many jihd claimants infected with the love of Duny and irj' sadly had done. The sincere mujhidn knew all along that it was neither the drones of the crusaders nor their modern hightech weaponry that could harm them, but it was the gradual and discreet decline of wal' and bar' within the hearts that could deal the greatest injury to the cause of jihd. And just as occurred in the "Arab Spring," this gradual decline of wal' and bar' reached its lowest peak during the mass protests in Dhaka against the atheist bloggers in "2013," as the jihd claimants started to openly call for an alliance with the grave-worshippers who falsely claim to be "lovers of the Prophet" g, the "Jamaat-e-Islami" who openly call for and support the religion of democracy, and the Deobandis who adopt the creed of the Jahmiyyah. This "alliance" was called for in order to confront the "common enemy" of atheists and leftists who would curse Islam and Allah's Messenger g. The jihd claimants alleged that causing division within the "Ummah" over "minor" issues would divide and weaken the "Muslims" in front of the atheists. Similarly, they claimed that the mujhidn should perform prayer according to the Hanaf madhhab even if doing so entailed abandoning mutawtir sunan. They justified this with a principle they had innovated, that the madhhab of the mujhidn was to perform prayer according to the custom of the local people, as if the madhhab of the mujhid should be different from that of the Salaf!2
2 Editor's Note: Sadly, this odd opinion was propagated in an unnecessarily long 1600-page book titled "Da'wat al-Muqwamah al-Islmiyyah al-`lamiyyah" ("The Global Islamic Resistance Call"). In the book, Ab Mus'ab as-Sr advised jihd groups to not exert effort in warning against Qubriyyah, Ash'ariyyah, bid'ah, and taqld, claiming that this da'wah was being sufficiently fulfilled by other parties! According to him, a jihd group ­ for the sake of "popular support" ­ should instead let others receive the backlash for such da'wah! He also criticized the truthful mujhidn for making takfr of parliamentary "Islamists" and the Rfidah, claiming that this was not the methodology of the "majority of jihadists"! He also suggested the "mujhidn" should soften up towards the Arab nationalists for the sake of the war against the common "foreign" enemy! He also advised that a mujhid follow the local maddhab in his visible

These jihd claimants demanded that the various jihd groups in Bengal give preference to maintaining "popular support" and pleasing deviant "scholars" over the Qur'n and the Sunnah, otherwise the "jihd movement" would get "crushed" by the martyrdom of leadership having no "popular support" as they claimed had happened in the past with Jam'atul Mujhidn. They focused on the materialistic means over the divine support from Allah c and rushed to compromise with murtaddn and heretics instead of relying upon Allah c alone and remaining firm upon the methodology of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jam'ah. They labeled as a "Khrij" any Muslim who pronounced takfr upon those who fell into an explicit nullifier of Islam such as worshipping graves, joining parliament, and allying with the kuffr against the Muslims. Thus, a new fitnah was launched against the confused, young mujhidn with impressionable minds. Sadly, many of them became affected by this rotten call for a "populist jihd." The various "jihd" groups in Bengal then became fragmented through disputes over issues of creed, methodology, leadership, strategy, and tactics.
The Declaration of Khilfah Then, by Allah's grace, the Khilfah was revived from the blessed land of Shm on 1 Ramadn 1436. The rise of the Khilfah and its effective media campaign brought the light of hope to the hearts of young mujhidn in Bengal, just as it did in every other part of the globe. Just as the strong military campaign of the soldiers of the Khilfah was crushing the forces of kufr on the physical battlefield, the strong media campaign launched by the media soldiers of the Khilfah on the ideological battlefield continued to crush and destroy every specious argument invented by the jihd claimants and those infected with the diseases of irj' and hizbiyyah. And so truth started to shed its light very quickly and the muwahhidn of Bengal rushed to pledge allegiance to the Khalfah. The mujhidn of Bengal realized that there was no room for blind partisanship towards any organization once the Khilfah had been declared and that there was no longer legitimacy for any independent jihd organization, whether "Jam'atul Mujhidn," "Al-Q'idah," or any other group. Thus, the sincere men from the various jihd groups rushed
performance of acts of worship, even if doing so contradicted the clear-cut Sunnah! It is important to note that contrary to Western media claims, this book never defined the methodology of the mujhidn. The top Islamic State leadership ­ including Shaykh Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw r ­ did not recommend as-Sr's book. As for the concise but beneficial 100-page book titled "Idrat at-Tawahhush" ("The Management of Savagery") by an unknown author who only went by the penname "Ab Bakr Nj," then when Shaykh az-Zarqw read this book he commented, "It is as if the author knows what I'm planning." Note: Although Nj's book describes very precisely the overall strategy of the mujhidn, Nj fell into some errors in his discussions on issues related to the takfr of parties who forcefully resist the Shar'ah and its laws. The manhaj of the Salaf on this issue was described in Dbiq, issue 10 pages 56-57, issue 8 pages 43-46, and issue 6 page 19-20 (footnotes 3-4).

39 THE REVIVAL OF JIHD IN BENGAL

to support the Khilfah and join the ranks of its soldiers in Bengal. They united their ranks behind a single Qurash imm and did not fear the blame of the blamers who chose to remain behind, those who blindly held to organizations that had claimed "Mullah `Umar was the true AmrulMu'minn" although he had been dead for years. Rather, he had been dead even before they started using him as an excuse not to unite the whole Ummah behind one single leader. The mujhidn realized that the unity of the Ummah could only happen through a leader with true authority, not an unwise man in some unknown hiding place releasing outdated video messages with pledges of allegiance to a dead man and scolding others for not doing the same! Thus, Allah c united the ranks of mujhidn in Bengal once again after they were fragmented. He c gave them the honor of becoming soldiers of the Khilfah upon the prophetic methodology, insh'allh. The Revival of Jihd through the Light of the Khilfah On 14 Dhul-Hijjah 1436, by Allah's grace, a security cell belonging to the soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal assassinated an Italian crusader named Cesare Tavella on the streets of Gulshan in the city of Dhaka. This noble deed shook the tawght of the land as well as the crusaders living there, as the assassination occurred within the "Diplomatic Zone" of the "capital," supposedly the most secure residential area of the country. Only days later, on 19 Dhul-Hijjah 1436, by Allah's grace, another security cell belonging to the soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal targeted a Japanese citizen in the northern region of Rangpur. These blessed back-to-back attacks have caused havoc among the citizens of the crusader nations and their allies living in Bengal and forced their diplomats, tourists, and expats to limit their movements and live in a constant state of fear. Moreover, the powerful message of a unified Ummah working under the leadership of the Khilfah, beautifully conveyed by these blessed attacks in a dis-
The streets of Gulshan in the city of Dhaka

Cesare Tavella - The Italian crusader killed by the soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal
tant region, has once again proven to the arrogant crusader nations that from Tunisia to Bengal, their crusader citizens will never enjoy any peace or security in any part of the Muslims' lands, bi-idhnillh, as long as they continue to be at war with the Islamic State. Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-`Adnn (hafidhahullh) ­ the official spokesperson of the Islamic State ­ said, "O muwahhidn in Europe, America, Australia, and Canada... O muwahhidn in Morocco and Algeria... O muwahhidn in Khursn and al-Qawqz... O muwahhidn everywhere upon the face of the earth... O brothers in creed... O people of wal' and bar'... O patrons of the Islamic State... O you who have given bay'ah to the Khalfah Ibrhm everywhere... O you who have loved the Islamic State... O you who support the Khilfah... O you who consider yourselves from amongst its soldiers and patrons... Your state is facing a new campaign by the crusaders. So O muwahhid, wherever you may be, what are you going to do to support your brothers? What do you wait for while the people have become two encampments and the heat of the war increases day by day? O muwahhid, we call you up to defend the Islamic State. Dozens of nations have gathered against it. They began their war against us at all levels. So rise O muwahhid. Rise and defend your state from your place wherever you may be" [Indeed Your Lord if Ever-Watchful]. He also said, "O muwahhid, do not let this battle pass you by wherever you may be. You must strike the soldiers, patrons, and troops of the tawght. Strike their police, security, and intelligence members, as well as their treacherous agents. Ruin their sleep. Embitter their lives for them and busy them with themselves. If you can kill a kfir American or European ­ especially the spiteful and filthy French ­ or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other kfir from the harb kuffr, including the citizens of the countries that entered into a coalition against the Islamic State, then rely upon Allah, and kill them in any manner possible, regard-

40

less of the method" [Indeed Your Lord is Ever-Watchful]. In addition, the Islamic State has warned the pagan nation of Japan against further endangering the lives of Japan's citizens through Japanese support for the American crusade. Dbiq wrote the following, commenting on the arrogant decision of the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to support the crusader coalition: "Prior to Shinzo Abe's thoughtless pledge of support for this crusade, Japan was not on the list of priorities to be targeted by the Islamic State, but through Shinzo Abe's foolishness, all Japanese citizens and interests ­ wherever they may be found ­ are now a target for the soldiers and patrons of the Khilfah everywhere" [Issue 7, "Foreword," page 4]. Thus, the soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal pledged their allegiance to the Khalfah Ibrhm (hafidhahullh), unified their ranks, nominated a regional leader, gathered behind him, dissolved their former factions, performed the necessary military preparations, and hastened to answer the order from the Islamic State leadership, by targeting the crusaders and their allies wherever they may be found. On 10 Muharram 1437, the day of `shr', the soldiers of the Khilfah detonated a string of bombs on the Rafdah who had gathered for a large shirk procession in front of one of their largest temples ­ known as "Hosseini Dalan" ­ in the city of Dhaka. The blessed operation was the first to target the Rfidah of Bengal for nearly 400 years. Over a hundred of these murtaddn were killed and wounded. Feeding off the momentum from these blessed attacks, the mujhidn carried out a daring raid less than two weeks later on 21 Muharram 1437, choosing to assault a group of policemen preparing to set up a checkpoint in an area in Dhaka. They stabbed one of them to death and wounded four others, and all praise is due to Allah. And while the soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal are busy preparing for further attacks on the kuffr, by Allah's permission, the secular murtaddn of the present Awami League

government continue to twist the facts on the ground and play a blame game in an effort to put political pressure on the murtaddn of both the nationalist BNP and the parliamentary "Jamaat-e-Islami." Meanwhile, the soldiers of the Khilfah continue to rise and expand in Bengal, by Allah's grace, and will continue to terrorize the crusaders and their allies until the rule of Allah is established on the earth. After months of arresting muwahhidn and falsely claiming more than once that they had arrested the "top IS-coordinator" for Bengal, the shameless, lying murtadd government came out right after the blessed operation of Tavella Cesare to say "there is no IS in Bangladesh"! They repeated the same lie over and over like a broken record after each of the blessed operations performed by the soldiers of the Khilfah, all in a desperate effort to save face before the international community of kufr and hide their inability and the impotence of their law enforcement agencies to provide security to their crusader masters and Rfid citizens. The murtadd Bengali government will soon realize, by Allah's permission, that shamelessly denying facts on the ground and playing childish blame games with the murtadd opposition will be of no avail to them, as the Islamic State is indeed here to stay, insh'allh. It is here to stay in Shm and Iraq. It is here to stay in Khursn and al-Qawqz. And it is here to stay from Tunisia all the way to Bengal even if the murtaddn despise such. The Khilfah will continue to expand further until its shade covers the entire earth, all the lands where the day and night reach, insh'allh. In the end, it is the responsibility of the Muslims in Bengal to support the Khilfah. It is also the duty of all mujhidn in Bengal who support the Islamic State to close their ranks, unite under the soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal, and aid them in every possible way. Allah c said, {Indeed, Allah loves those who fight in His cause in a row as though they are a [single] structure joined firmly} [As-Saff: 4]. He c also said, {O you who have believed, fight those near you of the kuffr and let them find in you harshness. And know that Allah is with the righteous} [At-Tawbah: 123]. The Prophet g also said, "Perform jihd against the mushrikn with your wealth, your lives, and your tongues" [Sahh: Reported by Ab Dwd and an-Nas' from Anas]. May Allah c bless the mujhidn in Bengal, support them, and grant them continuous success so that they may become a source of strength and support for the oppressed Muslims in both Bengal and Burma. May Allah unite the ranks of the Muslims in every region under the shade of the Khilfah.

"Hosseini Dalan" - The Rfid temple targeted by the mujhidn of Bengal

41 THE REVIVAL OF JIHD IN BENGAL

42

Indeed, He who taught us that {those who disbelieved are allies of one another} [Al-Anfl: 73] also taught us that {their violence among themselves is severe. You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse. That is because they are a people who do not reason} [Al-Hashr: 14].
So the kuffr ­ whether they are Catholic, Protestant, or Orthodox Christians, whether they are Orthodox, Conservative, or Progressive Jews, whether they are Buddhists, Hindus, or Sikhs, whether they are capitalists, communists, or fascists ­ they are ultimately allies of one another against Islam and the Muslims. This is because Islam ­ the religion of truth and fitrah ­ is the greatest threat to their religions of falsehood, all of which are at war with the inborn nature of man. This is also because the tawght and dajjilah (plural of dajjl) of these false religions fear losing control of their flocks of blind sheep and the wealth contained in their wooly pockets. This is also because the flocks of blind sheep fear losing their animalistic societies and carnal cultures that serve their lusts, desires, and doubts at the expense of reviving and nurturing the fitrah within their dead hearts. Accordingly, Islam is the greatest threat to all of their immediate "interests" and it only makes sense for them to unite into various coalitions against their common enemy.
And yet, despite this, they continue to have partisan and sectarian animosity that reaches the level of war and bloodshed.1 {You will never find in the sunnah of Allah any change, and you will never find in the sunnah of Allah any alteration} [Ftir: 43]. And they compete amongst each other as well to obtain the larger following of blind sheep and to continue to draw wealth from these followers to their own gluttonous pockets. They meanwhile never learn
1 For more on the animosity of the various religions, sects, and parties of kufr towards each other, read Dbiq, issue 9, pages 17-18.

from the lessons of the past and decide instead to follow the footsteps of those nations who were destroyed by Allah c for their arrogance. Therefore, they will continue to get stung from the same hole multiple times. And so America intervened in Shm after its failures in both Afghanistan and Iraq. And Russia followed the path of its Western brethren after its own disasters in Afghanistan and Chechnya. And both the crusader East and crusader West now are at odds over securing their separate interests in Shm as they compete over influence in the region. The drunken brown bear ­ Russia ­ savagely but clumsily strikes here and there in a manner that has even confused American analysts, think tanks, intelligence, and policy-makers. And while it is at war with its Western rivals in the Ukraine, it has decided to enter into yet another conflict with the West, by targeting the Sahwah allies of America in Shm. Meanwhile, it entered into new fronts against the Islamic State in both Shm and Iraq after the revival of the battlefield in Wilyat al-Qawqz. And so, the drunken brown bear ­ blinded by its bloodthirsty hubris ­ has decided to throw itself into the hunter's trap. Shortly after the Russian airstrikes began, the resolute soldiers of the blessed Shm Wilyah of Sayn' succeeded in downing a Russian passenger plane, resulting in the deaths of 224 Eastern crusaders. The operation exacted revenge upon the cross-worshippers for recently killing hundreds of Muslims in Shm, including their women and children. And the Islamic State will continue to strike Russia until Shar'ah returns to all the lands of the Muslims usurped by the crusader Russians and until Russia pays the jizyah in humiliation.

43 YOU THINK THEY ARE TOGETHER, BUT THEIR HEARTS ARE DIVIDED

The Competition over Proxies A traitor is among the most despicable of creatures in the eyes of mankind. No man likes a traitor. Even the most deviant and accursed kfir cannot stand a traitor. Yet those chosen to be the allies and agents of the crusaders in the war against Islam and its Khilfah are always treacherous parties and individuals. The individual from them might betray his religion today and betray his apostasy tomorrow for another form of apostasy. His religion is himself, his lusts, his desires, and self-interests. {Have you seen he who has taken as his god his own desire, and Allah has sent him astray due to knowledge and has set a seal upon his hearing and his heart and put over his vision a veil? So who will guide him after Allah? Then will you not be reminded?} [Al-Jthiyah: 23].
Yet America makes the repeated mistake of backing treacherous allies who end up abandoning it when their interests collide. These allies decide then that aiding America no longer fulfills their own desires and personal glories. America backed the tawght Saddam, Gaddafi, Ali Abdullah Saleh, and Bashar, all of whom later worked to serve their own personal, partisan, and sectarian interests despite American orders otherwise. It backed the Iraqi Rfidah ­ the regime and militias ­ all of whom now exert themselves in their services to Khamenei of Tehran. They backed various nationalist Afghan factions in the "eighties," many of whom later sought refuge in Iran, using it as a base in their nationalist wars. And the story goes on.
And the internal conflicts in the ranks of the crusaders and their allies continue to grow.
The PKK In Shm, America's biggest ally has been the PKK (Kurdistan Workers' Party) front known as the YPG (People's Protection Units). Historically, the PKK is closer to Russia and the East. Abdullah Ocalan ­ a Nusayr Kurd2 and founder of the PKK ­ was trained by the Russian KGB-FSB (the Soviet/Russian intelligence). The Russian tght Putin himself was a former lieutenant colonel in the KGB and later became director of the FSB. The PKK, unlike most Western nations, is not considered a terrorist organization by Russia and China, and ideologically, it has a Marxist background. For this reason, it currently draws Marxist volunteers from the West and East to the "Lions of Rojava" and the "International Freedom Battalion" backed by the "Marxist-Leninist Communist Party" of Turkey. And like the Russians who bomb non-military targets in Shm, the PKK methodologically follow similar "rules of engagement," defying those supposedly propagated by the West. Hence, the PKK demolished entire villages, destroyed entire neighborhoods of homes, and displaced entire communities on an ethnic basis as was documented by the Western-oriented "Amnesty International" in its study of the PKK "Autonomous
2 The PKK and its links with the Nusayriyyah and the Rfidah were also mentioned by the murtadd Osman Ocalan ­ former senior member of the PKK and brother of Abdullah Ocalan ­ during an interview on "12 May 2015" with "Niqash" in which he said, "The PKK has become part of the Shiite Muslim movement and in particular, there is a strong Alawite stream inside the party ... This has taken the PKK closer to Iran and I believe the party now has friendly relations with Iran, al-Assad and al-Abadi."

Administration" operating in the northern countryside of Halab, al-Barakah, and ar-Raqqah. The PKK works sideby-side with the murtadd Asad regime in the areas where they have a common presence in and around al-Qmishl and al-Hasakah. They back the regime militias in Nubbul and az-Zahr' with logistics. The PKK had a history of also receiving support from Syria, Iran, and Russia against America's apostate allies: Turkey and Saddam. Finally, the atheist PKK are at war with the murtadd regime of Turkey, which is a member of the anti-Russian NATO coalition. And what has angered America is that Russia has already offered its hand to cooperate with the PKK so as to reintegrate the PKK regions back into those of the Asad regime (most likely with some degree of autonomy). Government-backed Russian media even produced propagandist documentaries for the PKK on Russian satellite TV channels. Reports have also come out that the Syrian Baath party was permitted to open up branch offices in Tall Abyad and other cities recently overtaken by the PKK. This is not surprising, as the Asad regime utilized its close relationship with the PKK to quell any opposition to the regime in Kurdish regions early on in the "Syrian Revolution."
Kfir mercenaries fighting for the murtadd PKK
The Free Syrian Army and Nationalist Factions After the PKK's service to America in Shm comes that of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and other nationalist factions, many of whose leaders were former Baathist officers who never repented from apostasy, as joining a nationalist opposition is not repentance. Accordingly, infiltration of their various battalions was easy for the regime security apparatus, hence the numerous handovers and "reconciliations" especially in the regions surrounding Dimashq.3 Militias of unprincipled mercenaries are not difficult to change with cash and cigarettes. Russia ­ on behalf of the regime ­ has already offered to sit with the FSA, with this offer reportedly being considered by some FSA and nationalist elements in Dar' and near Dimashq. Jordan ­ which backed the FSA "Southern Front" ­ has already declared its support for the
3 These areas of "reconciliation" were mentioned in Dbiq, issue 9, "Interview with the Amr of the Yarmk Camp Region," pages 66-73.

44

Russian intervention. And because America raised its allies and agents to wage war against the Islamic State alone, "regime change" is not the real goal of many of these factions. Accordingly, it is not problematic for such factions to turn towards the regime and Russia in pursuing a more strongly backed war against the Khilfah. If this ever occurs, these murtadd factions will not forget to also wage war against the murtaddn of the opposition formerly allied to them. Although such a change in allegiances is possible, it is unlikely to occur on a large scale unless America abandons these factions in favor of some other "political" mission in Shm more in tune with the American religion.
FSA murtaddn standing under a jhil flag
The Tawght The tawght of Jordan, the UAE, and Egypt have declared their support for Russian intervention in Shm despite America's position on the issue. These tawght belonging to the anti-"revolution" bloc prefer Asad to any of his opposition even if his opponents are equally secular and murtadd, only because they fear that such "revolutions" might spill over into the lands usurped by these tawght. Again, the FSA "Southern Front" in Dar' has had a strong relationship with Jordan and Jordanian intelligence, even offering condolences to the regime on the event of the Islamic State executing the Jordanian pilot Mu'dh al-Kassibah. It is unlikely, though, that the declaration of support from these tawght leads to the tawght shifting sides, as they have been hooked on American aid for decades. It does however manifest the division of their hearts. As for the tawght of Turkey allied to America, they are already knee-deep in a war with America's PKK allies, whose fighters are presently filling the role of America's ground forces. The Turkish tawght have made early warnings of Russia's plan to build up its relationship with the PKK and support them. And with Turkey being a NATO member, backing the PKK against the murtadd regime of Turkey would not be strange for the crusaders of Russia, especially considering that Russia had done so in its Soviet past.

The Peshmerga As for Iraq, then America's closest ally there has been the Barzani Peshmerga, who are currently facing strong political opposition due to problems Iraqi Kurdistan is facing. The Peshmerga have been split for years between the American-backed "Kurdistan Democratic Party" (KDP) of Masoud Barzani and the leftist "Patriotic Union of Kurdistan" (PUK) of Jalal Talabani. These two parties were at war with each other in the "nineties." While Barzani sought the aid of the tght Saddam against the PUK, Talabani sought the aid of Rfid Iran against the KDP. Eventually America got involved and forced the two sides to settle differences and then later, after the American invasion of Iraq, it had the two sides form a government for Iraqi Kurdistan. Since then and since the various expansions in Iraq achieved by the Islamic State, there has been great turmoil in Iraqi Kurdistan. The tght Barzani continues to hold onto power despite opposition from other Kurdish murtaddn. The opposition consists mostly of the "Movement for Change" (Gorran), a Kurdish party of apostates with roots in the leftist PUK and PKK. Gorran supports the PKK in both Syria and Iraq and accuses Barzani of being an agent of Turkey. The PKK is equally supportive of Gorran's opposition to Barzani. And similar to the war between the KDP and leftist PUK, the KDP and leftist PKK waged war against each other in Iraq in the "nineties." The turmoil in Iraqi Kurdistan reached the point of violent protests being launched by the leftist opposition in major cities. An economic crisis that led state workers to lose wages for a period of over three months was utilized as a rallying call. The opposition blamed this on the financial corruption of the Barzani family and the KDP in general. Protesters stoned and torched KDP offices. The KDP responded by firing at protesters and killing several, which got "Human Rights Watch" involved in the campaign against the KDP. May Allah increase the animosity and violence between the murtaddn of the KDP, PUK, PKK, and Gorran. At any rate, this political turmoil is a danger to the American mission in Iraq against the Islamic State. America prefers the tght Barzani for, contrary to the PKK, he does not currently have a mission to expand into Syria. The PKK is also considered a terrorist organization by America and its allies. An expansionist agenda threatens the stability of the region and accordingly increases the fears of the murtadd government of the tght Erdogan, whose loyalty the Americans want to preserve. Meanwhile, there have already been reports from the Arab and Iraqi media on Barzani's opposition moving slowly towards Russia in its war against the Islamic State. The opposition to Barzani has showed a willingness to abandon the American mission in favor of the Russian mission, due to the long relationship between the leftist opposition and Soviet Russia. The turmoil in Iraqi Kurdistan is the true cause behind the raid by America and the Peshmerga on a prison in Wilyat Karkk. The Americans wanted to save the face of Barzani and thereby grant him a stronger support base. The "rescue"

45 YOU THINK THEY ARE TOGETHER, BUT THEIR HEARTS ARE DIVIDED

of seventy Peshmerga soldiers would have granted Barzani a victory, one his opposition is unable to achieve. But the raid did not free a single Peshmergan. Instead, it led to the Americans detaining and killing several prisoners inside an Islamic State prison as well as the death of an American soldier. It was followed by the Islamic State executing four Peshmerga prisoners on camera.
Barzani's Peshmerga - Yet another faction of murtaddn serving American interests in the region
The Rfidah of Iraq and Iran The Rfidah of Iraq have considered Iran to have ultimate authority over them due to their belief in "Wilyat alFaqh," a creed which essentially dictates the so-called "Supreme Leader of Iran" to be the top religious and political authority of the Rfidah everywhere. So as the Americans back the Rfid regime of Baghdad and the Rfid militias fighting alongside it in the war against the Islamic State, it is strengthening regionally one of its historical foes ­ the Iranian regime. The Rfid regime has overrun major allies of the West in Yemen and Lebanon as it plots similar scenarios for the Arabian Peninsula in Bahrain, Kuwait, and "Saudi" Arabia. So America is caught in a quagmire: Should it continue to support the murtadd Rfidah against the Islamic State, thereby further emboldening the Rfidah into carrying out revolutions elsewhere? Or should it adopt a policy of non-interference and just await the collapse of the Rfidah and the tawght at the hands of the Islamic State? The hubris of the Americans has blinded them as it blinded the drunken brown bear, and so it prefers to interfere in a manner that will bring about its ultimate destruction. Here it is important to note that one of the religious tenets of the Rfidah is taqiyyah, and that accordingly the time gained in their negotiations with the crusaders is likely for them to further develop and weaponize their nuclear program, something America claims to be against. Of course, such weapons would probably only be used against Ahlus-Sunnah in defense of the Jews who will follow the "Mahd" of the Rfidah.4 But Allah will protect the Muslims from the plots of the Rfidah.
4 To read on the Rfid account of the Mahd, see Dbiq, issue 11, "The Mahd of the Rfidah," pages 16-17.

The Jewish State Despite the rivalries between the Rfidah and the Jewish state, they have more in common with each other than any other religions of kufr. They both await a "savior" whom they allege will wipe out the followers of Allah's Messenger g. And the Russian intervention in Shm has brought an opportunity for the Rfidah and the Jewish state to get closer to each other through Russia. Before executing its first round of airstrikes in Shm, Russia contacted the Jewish state to warn it of Russian presence in the skies of Shm. Putin then met with Netanyahu in Moscow on "21 September 2015" to discuss the details of the attacks and coordinate their separate missions. In this regards, Zvi Magen ­ former Israeli ambassador to Moscow ­ said to the Economist on "30 September 2015," "Israel made clear to him [Putin] that we [the Jews] have no real problem with Assad." At the same time, Russia promised to limit the Iranian influence and that of Hizbullt (Hezbollah) in Shm. Is it possible this relationship between the Jewish state and the Rfidah and the Nusayriyyah through Russia grows into something bigger while Netanyahu and Obama clash over American-Jewish relations and policies?
What Has Changed? The believer might ask, what has changed after the Russian intervention? The answer is that nothing has changed except that the opportunity for reward from Allah c is now greater. The mujhid who was patient in the face of the crusader, tght, Nusayr, and Rfid airstrikes gets closer to Allah c when he manifests patience in the face of more airstrikes from other crusader nations. The soldiers of the Islamic State who were patient in the face of the overlapping but quarrelling crusader coalition and Rfid coalition are not changed by the addition of Russia to one of the two anti-Islam coalitions, while realizing that Russia had always been a backer of the Nusayr tght al-Asad. So are these events precursors to the prophesized truce between the Muslims and the Romans? Will the West abandon its support of the Rfidah, the murtadd tawght, and the Jewish state? And will the intervention of Russia in favor of Iran in Shm and Iraq lead the West into a truce with the Khilfah? All one can say is that Allah knows best. And nothing changes for the Islamic State, as it will continue to pronounce takfr upon the Jews, the Christians, the pagans, and the apostates from the Rfidah, the Nusayriyyah, the Sahwah, and the tawght. It will continue to wage war against the apostates until they repent from apostasy. It will continue to wage war against the pagans until they accept Islam. It will continue to wage war against the Jewish state until the Jews hide behind their gharqad trees. And it will continue to wage war against the Christians until the truce decreed sometime before the Malhamah. Thereafter, the slave markets will commence in Rome by Allah's power and might. May Allah continue to break and shatter the ranks of the kfir coalitions and alliances all over the earth.

46

"15 months after the declaration of the Caliphate, the US-led campaign against it is more diffused than ever, and there are many now in the West who are conceding that the Islamic State is a country that is here to stay." On 31st March, issue 8 of Dbiq magazine published an article I wrote called "Paradigm Shift," in which I examined the depiction of the Islamic State in Western media and politics progressing from a mere "organization" to a real, functioning entity. A country, I called it. I know nothing about nation building. I'm so foolish I never even made it to university. But after dismissing some of the things I've written in the past as "ISIS propaganda," many journalists and scholars in the West are now agreeing with this sentiment. The Islamic State, they say, is a genuine state. This reality of the Caliphate is confirmed by many things, the people living under its governance, for one. For the first time in years, Muslims are living in security and their businesses are doing a roaring trade. The zakh system has been up and running, taking a percentage of peoples' wealth and dispersing it to the poor. The gold dinar coins

first mentioned a year ago are now being minted, in preparation for their circulation. Shar'ah courts are established in every city and are judging by the laws of Islam. Corruption, before an unavoidable fact of life in both Iraq and Syria, has been cut to virtually nil while crime rates have considerably tumbled. Meanwhile the Gulf states all around are in turmoil. They are broken by religious differences and fractured by ancient tribal feuds. The "Middle East ... is broken, angry and so dysfunctional that it's in a class all by itself, giving new meaning to the word `hopeless,'" wrote scholar Aaron David Miller in Foreign Policy on 11th September. "It is so torn apart and riven with sectarian, political, and religious hatreds and confrontations that it seems beyond the capacity of any external party to remedy." It's precisely for reasons like this that the Islamic State has arisen so fast and in such a short space of time. There is only one sect here, Sunni Islam, and the Caliph can only be from one tribe, Quraysh. Here in the Caliphate, there is no room for pluralism. In an article published in The Telegraph on 8th June, Ruth Sherlock wrote, "The jihadists have become fastidious bu-

47 PARADIGM SHIFT: PART II

reaucrats: imposing taxes [she refers to the zakh], paying fixed salaries and imposing trading standards laws [she refers to the banning of harm transactions] in a bid to create a healthy economy ... many Syrian businessmen see ISIL as the only option when compared to the anarchy that prevails in areas controlled by other rebels, including Western-backed groups." That's a far cry from the barbarism generally used to paint the Islamic State in order to perpetuate the image of an evil entity, an image so convenient for government propaganda. What else, Ruth? "Doctors and engineers, particularly those managing the ISIS-controlled oilfields, are paid handsomely ­ at least double, and often several-fold the salaries offered in other parts of the country," she continued. "Businesses are now choosing to move their industry into ISIS areas." That's not me talking but a writer for one of the "better" newspapers in the UK. And this sentiment ­ that the Islamic State is a real, growing state ­ is increasing in volume in the West. After one year of airstrikes all the evidence suggests there has been no "rolling back" of the mujhidn, any "degradation" of their fighting ability has been quickly re-supplied by fresh battlefield booty and new recruits, and estimates for the Islamic State's army remain, according to the CIA, at 32,000 soldiers but with some figures suggesting up to 70 or even 100,000 to be called upon if required. An unnamed US official told the Associated Press that US intelligence has "seen no meaningful degradation in their numbers." One year into their war and nothing has changed. This poses a problem for the coalition. The Iraqi army, according to MIT University's Barry Posen, no longer exists as a meaningful fighting force. In Iraq they have been largely superseded by the Popular Mobilization Units (al-Hashd ash-Sha'b), a Shia militia of up to 100,000 men with weapons supplied by Iran. They led the assault on Tikrit in April and have been largely responsible for many of the atrocities subsequently reported in Sunni regions. But since Tikrit, there have been no notable victories for the coalition, and the fighting in Iraq is not going well, to the extent that Lieutenant General Robert Neller of the USMC, when asked by senator John McCain on how he considered the campaign to be progressing, replied, "I think we're doing what we need to do right now ... I believe they are in a stalemate right now." Far from "rolling back" the mujhidn, the Islamic State is holding ground or even advancing, as can be evidenced by the recent taking of new regions in Iraq and Syria. It is the requirement of the American government and its allies to verbally belittle the Islamic State in public comments

by referring to it as just a terrorist "organization." True, it is a functioning state that uses terror as a tool. But if it's just an "organization" and the soldiers who fight for it just terrorists, this gives the public a hook on which to hang their hat. People understand the words "terrorists" or "jihadists" and will largely support any military action against them. But it loses its urgency when you're fighting soldiers from a state. It just doesn't conjure up the same images of extremely imminent danger for a politician's speechwriter. Fighting mere terrorists is one thing, fighting a country, even if that country takes pride in its terrorist tactics, is quite another. But to concede that the Islamic State is indeed a state in any spoken comment would be an admission of their victory that no political leader is currently prepared to make. So they deliberately continue to call them the "so called" Islamic State, ISIL, IS, ISIS, Daesh and whatever the next nom de jour is in a move to show: "Pah. Fiddlesticks! We don't even know what their name is. We've got this in hand." That's what they say in public. But what they say behind closed doors with their defence secretaries and intelligence chiefs will, I'm sure, be very different by now. According to Western reports, approximately 7 million people live in the Caliphate in an area larger than Britain and more populous than Denmark, and many of them are saying that life now is better than it was under the Assad and Shia-led regimes in Syria and Iraq and miles better than the corruption and chaos that followed the Free Syrian Army. That throws a spanner into the works. It's not what one would expect from a bunch of supposedly "wild-haired barbarian" terrorists, surely? In the New York Times on 21st July, Tim Arango wrote, "[The Islamic State] has outdone the corrupt Syrian and Iraqi governments it routed, residents and experts say. `You can travel from Raqqa to Mosul, and no one will dare to stop you even if you carry $1 million,' said Bilal, who lives in Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria. `No one would dare to take even one dollar.'" Arango continued, saying the Islamic State is putting in place more governing measures including ID cards for residents, promulgating fishing guidelines to preserve stocks, requiring that cars carry tool kits for emergencies and, of course, following the Shar'ah to the letter. "[A shop owner in Raqqa] said ... `Here they are implementing God's regulations. The killer is killed. The adulterer is stoned. The thief's hands are cut.'" Stephen M. Walt, a professor of international affairs at Harvard, who was quoted in the same article, said, "I think there is no question that the way to look at it is as a revolutionary state-building organization." A revolutionary state-building organization? That doesn't sound like just a terrorist "group" at all. It's important to remember, as Walt explains elsewhere, that as new countries have been formed throughout history, it often took years before they were recognized by other states. He mentions,

48

for example, that Europe refused to formally recognize the Soviet Union for years after the Bolshevik revolution of 1917, the US not doing so until 1933. Likewise, America did not establish diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China until 1979, some 30 years after it was founded. "If the Islamic State manages to cling to power, consolidate its position, and create a genuine de facto state in what was previously part of Iraq and Syria," concludes Stephen Walt, "then other states will need to work together to teach it the facts of life in the international system." Well, not quite. The Islamic State holds the "international system" to be a tght, something evil enforcing manmade laws upon people. It will never "learn" to "work" with it. But a truce with Western nations is always an option in Shar'ah law. And here's the thing. Assad is pretty much finished, with the crumbling ruins of his despotic government now only controlling one-quarter of Syria. Iraq is a disjointed jumble of regions and tribes that never recovered from the American invasion and cannot return to what it once was. The Islamic State, straddling both countries as it does, is a Muslim empire, a country in which there are no tribal or religious clashes. There is only one sect and only one creed. It is a place run, governed, and protected by Sunni mujhidn, and as such is now completely unique in the splintering, infighting mess that is collectively referred to as the Middle East. By way of its singularism, it is a better model for future stability in the region than any of the Gulf states supported or shaped by Western intervention that have subsequently declared war upon it. Again, this isn't just me saying this. That would make it "ISIS propaganda," and we can't have that now, can we? Brigadier General Ronald Magnum made some interesting comments in a paper published by the Georgia Caucasus Strategic Studies Institute on 29th May. "The Islamic State meets all requirements ... to be recognized as a state," he said. "It has a governing structure, it controls territory, a large population, is economically viable, has a large and effective military and provides governmental services such as health care to its population. Dealing with it as if it were a terrorist movement is a non-starter. It is a State and if the West wants to defeat it, it must accept either: 1) The Islamic State is enough of a threat to world or regional peace that the West is willing to go to war with it, or 2) The costs of a war are too great and the West must plan to contain the Islamic State and ultimately negotiate with it as a sovereign State." Failed attempts by the coalition to "contain" the Caliphate are already old news. But the N-word, negotiate? That's a bombshell. Just recently, Obama said there still "would be no negotiating" with the Islamic State, a fact not lost on my former cellmates. But then he changed his policy regarding

that, so maybe he or the next president will have to change their policy on this. In a piece published in Foreign Policy on 10th June under the title "What Should We Do if the Islamic State Wins?," Professor Stephen Walt suggested that victory for the mujhidn could be considered not as them planting their black flag on top of the Empire State building, but as them retaining the territory they now control and not being "degraded or destroyed" in any way. So far, they have achieved this. "It eventually moves from pariah to partner, especially when its interests start to coincide with those of other states," he wrote. "It may still be a troublesome presence in world politics, but it is no longer ostracized. If the Islamic State survives, that is what I'd expect to happen." Again, Walt is making gross assumptions, as the mujhidn would never accept partnership with the West. But if Western nations want a truce, they really should think thrice before throwing away the chance. The West will need to continue doggedly dropping bombs and cajoling different groups of Shia into the killing zones on the ground for at least another year or two before any true consideration for a truce is reached. But it's an interesting prospect, the West negotiating with the Islamic State. Is it really ever likely to happen? Jonathan Powell was chief negotiator on Northern Ireland for the Tony Blair government, and on 12th August, he spoke to the BBC about this very subject. "If you want to destroy the Islamic State, you're not going to be able to do it from the air. And no one in the West seems prepared to put boots on the ground. So there is no military strategy for destroying ISIS. There needs to be a political strategy. In my view, that would involve talking to them," he said. "We talked to the IRA, not because they had guns but because they had a third of the Catholic vote. If you're dealing with a group with no political support, such as Baader-Meinhof, you're not going to negotiate because there isn't a political question at the heart of the matter. And it seems to me likely there is a political question at the heart here in Syria and Iraq. If the conflicts I've looked at over the last 30 years are anything to go by, and if ISIS have political support, then we will end up speaking to them. Maybe they'll fade like snow in the spring, but there is very little historical precedent for that happening in this sort of circumstance. It's my hypothesis that there is such political support. And the idea of extreme Islamists ... seems to have enough robustness in it that there is a problem we're going to have to address politically at some stage, not simply by force of arms." Powell concluded by saying the West has to pave the way for future "talks" by "establishing a basic conversation."

49 PARADIGM SHIFT: PART II

More than one year on from the start of the air campaign against the Islamic State and Martin Dempsey, the 4-star General in charge of the US-led campaign, must be wondering what's next. People in the West are impatient and demand results, and they're not coming. Like Vietnam, the war against the Islamic State looks like it's turning into a grinding war of attrition to try and reduce the enemy's numbers without any clear goals set along the way. The bombs have certainly killed many mujhidn but more arrive to take their place every day, each one just as eager as the last to die a shahd for the sake of Allah. The bombs have certainly destroyed many tanks and armoured vehicles of the Islamic State taken as booty from the Iraqi army (there's only one gear in Iraqi army tanks: reverse) but the mujhidn have merely acquired more from the next fleeing unit. The soldiers of the Caliphate have proved to be a force surprisingly resilient to the shatter and blast of a Paveway bomb or Hellfire missile. And all the while, the Caliphate country they fight and die to support has continued to grow and mature. The mujhidn enjoy fighting the most, but they have proved to be remarkably good at adapting to the needs of social requirements and government, too. Having established their country and set a new order in place within the Middle East, what happens over the next few years is more up to the Islamic State than any exterior force. The first option is that they continue to expand the borders of the Caliphate throughout the region until economic or military limitations stop them and they afterwards consolidate their positions. Too bad for the West, it doesn't look

like such limitations exist for the Caliphate. The second option is that they goad the West into launching an all-out ground attack, thereby setting the scene for the final battle between Muslims and the crusaders prophesized to be held at Dbiq in Syria, by conducting an operation overseas that is so destructive that America and its allies will have no alternative but to send in an army. This would have to be something on the same scale, if not bigger, than 9/11. Then again, I'm just guessing. American "hawks" may very well come to Dbiq on their own without the Islamic State needing to blow up any dirty bombs in Manhattan. In a piece published in The Independent on 21st June titled "We cannot destroy ISIS, so we will have to learn to live with it," former counter-terrorism chief for MI6 Richard Barrett wrote, "Iraq and Syria will not return to how they were, and whatever it ends up calling itself, a new entity has emerged that will remain in some form. Currently that entity is aggressive, intolerant and uncompromising, but it is a truth that for all its dystopian features, ISIS offers those living under its rule better governance in some respects than they received from the state before it took over. Corruption is far less prevalent, and justice, albeit brutal, is swift and more evenly applied." The Islamic State's rapid consolidation and shrewd governance of its territories has no doubt caught world leaders by as much surprise as its sudden blitz and capture of Mosul. If you'd told a politician in New York in June 2014 that by October 2015 the Islamic State would have achieved what they have, he'd have laughed in your face. It's fair to say that the same politician isn't laughing today.

The blessed attacks on 9/11

50

On 25 Dhul-Qa'dah 1436, Ab Firs as-Sr ­ formerly official spokesman of the Jawln front, currently a Jawln front leader and head of its "shar' academies" ­ published an article exposing the deviance of the Jawln front's allies and consequently his own deviance and that of his party. He titled the piece: "I Am the Nude Warner." Although he criticizes the factions in general, his major criticisms focused on "Ahrr ash-Shm." Below are excerpts from his lengthy article: "They trick the people and say, `A project for the Ummah.'1 They then interpret this whenever they need as a project for Syria alone, encompassing only its land and revolutionaries ... This playing on words is an attempt to beautify the proposals of the kuffr and apostates. The samm'n [the avid listeners to the kuffr] do this so as to offer the kuffr's proposals through themselves as Islamic proposals. They beautify the proposals and offer them as if the proposals were their own, when the reality is they are nothing but the messengers of the apostates, and in the best case, they are parrots repeating the proposals of the hypocrites and apostates who use these samm'n as a part of the war against Islam ... The projects of kufr would never penetrate us except through the samm'n, not through the ranks of apostate secularists, the atheist liberals, and their parties..." "I will mention some of their traits in this era ... but it isn't necessarily the case that every faction of them has all these traits:" "1) They beautify and propagate the principles of the kuffr including nationalism, human rights, and minority rights. 2) They flatter the apostate groups and claim that the mujhidn oppress them. 3) They ask that the mujhidn and apostates refer to them for arbitration, as if the two sides are equal. 4) They announce their acceptance of the kuffr as leaders for the lands. They cooperate with them, welcome them, and follow their orders. 5) They safeguard and sanctify the borders that the crusaders and descendants of pigs fabricated. 6) They implicitly and explicitly slander the mujhidn. They ally with every debased person and apostate party, granting them refuge out of fear that the hands of the mujhidn might reach them. 7) They accuse the peo-
1 Editor's Note: This is the official slogan of the "Islamic Front" led by "Ahrr ash-Shm."

ple of mn with extremism and lack of goodness. They give verdicts that it is prohibited to perform jihd with the mujhidn. 8) They describe the conceding defeatists as moderates. 9) They declare their loyalty to international law. 10) They ally with the enemies of jihd and those who obtain financial aid from the people of kufr and aggression. 11) They seek the support and aid of the kuffr and apostates. 12) They turn a blind eye towards the crimes of the apostates and the kuffr, whereas they dig for the mistakes of the good mujhidn. 13) They have blind eyes, deaf ears, and mute tongues towards the kfir and apostate enemies, whereas they have sharp tongues against the people of mn and jihd. 14) They throw bad labels at the mujhidn. They call them the other face of the Khawrij state and a party of deviance and terror, whereas they are more worthy of the description of deviance and farther from the truth and truthfulness. 15) They declare their bar'ah from Salaf Jihadism. 16) They describe the mujhidn as Khawrij, extremists, and corrupters. They wag their tails in front of the apostates. 17) They call the tawght `wult umr' [`the people of authority']. But this is a lie, misguidance, and falsehood. 18) They prohibit that jihd spreads to all the Muslims and interpret the Ummah to be Syria alone, the Syrian land, the Syrian country! 19) If a kfir or tght dies, they rush to offer condolences and shed tears over him. They support them in their wars that are not jihd for Allah's sake. 20) They call the mujhidn `takfriyyn' because the mujhidn pronounce takfr upon the crusaders, the Jews, the zandiqah, and the apostates. 21) They welcome cooperation with the kfir and apostate states. 22) They follow and call for strict regionalism, as if they hold Sykes-Picot to be holy. 23) They call for a state of justice, law, and freedom, because they are embarrassed of Islam.2 24) They strive to guarantee safety for
2 Editor's Note: He refers to a document released on 18 Rajab 1435 ("17 May 2014") known as the "Revolutionary Pact of Honor" signed by the "Islamic Front," "Alwiyat al-Furqn," "Jaysh al-Mujhidn," "Faylaq ashShm," and "Al-Ittihd al-Islm li Ajnd ash-Shm," and later endorsed by "Jaysh al-Yarmk," all allies of the Jawln front. When announced,

51 IN THE WORDS OF THE ENEMY

all the sects of kufr, apostasy, and heresy, so that these sects and the head of kufr [America] approves of these factions. 25) They announce their respect of human rights pacts. 26) They are embarrassed of the word `jihd,' replacing it with `revolution,' `revolutionary,' and `revolutionary action.' 27) They promise not to own or attempt to obtain weapons of mass destruction, so as to calm Israel. 28) They announce that their operations are restricted to the Syrian lands, to calm the Jews. 29) They ask America to use them while not fearing that Allah will replace them ... These are some of their traits. And the matter is more disastrous and the calamity is even more widespread..." "They attempt to seduce the mujhidn into accepting stipulations formulated in Ibls's lodge. Ibls then applied the appropriate makeup and gave the stipulations to the samm'n so that they could promote them. From amongst the demands they made in accordance with the desires of Shaytn and his proxies were: ... that operations are executed by Syrians alone and that the muhjirn are banished. They also refused to denounce the pacts they formerly released, doing so in service of Shaytn and his proxies." "Let us discuss these demands from a number of angles. Who is the real demander of these stipulations? Is the demand from the samm'n or from the intelligence apparatuses of the apostate regimes behind these samm'n, the apparatuses these samm'n deal with?" "From the pacts that these samm'n announced before ­ a pact they recently declared their continued commitment to and refusal to renounce ­ was a pact published due to instructions from Turkey and Qatar, resulting from Western requests. The samm'n themselves admitted this in the presence of numerous leaders of the mujhidn, my poor self being amongst them. It becomes clear that the declarations and demands of the samm'n are nothing but an execution of the demands of the apostate states, who have behind them the centers of kufr and international masonry. So the demands of the samm'n are nothing but a demand from the apostates and the execution of the demand is done in obedience to the apostates, in line with their ranks. Can this be accepted by someone whose heart was touched by mn or who tasted obedience to Allah?" "And are these demands in accordance with the Shar'ah or in opposition to it? 1) There is no doubt they oppose it
it was read on camera by the now dead Hassn `Abbd, former head of "Ahrr ash-Shm." The most deviant clauses in the covenant promise ­ verbatim ­ to target the regime and its allies alone (i.e. no targeting of Jews, Christians, the Druze, the Ism'liyyah, etc.), to rely militarily on Syrian people when forming military forces (i.e. no muhjirn), to establish a state of justice, law, security, and freedom (i.e. no Shar'ah), while also providing such to the multi-religious Syrian people (including the Btiniyyah), and to respect "human rights"! And yet the Jawln front cooperated with these apostate parties in the war against the Islamic State!

The allies of the Jawln front criticized by Ab Firs are backed by the Turkish and Qatari tawght
from a number of angles ... Unity of ranks is not viewed by them except through the eyesight of a chicken. They look to Syria as being the whole world ... They then unify with the people of the American `Military Operation Cooperation' room, the followers of America, the soldiers of Ibls, and everyone upon whom the devils descend. 2) Accepting the stipulations of the samm'n also means approving or even partaking in their relationships and their receiving of instructions from the apostate states, and this is a mant3. 3) Accepting the stipulations of the samm'n also means approving of their seeking help from the kuffr, and this is not permissible according to the Shar'ah. 4) Accepting the stipulations of the samm'n also means approving of their restricting of jihd to the Syrian lands, a becalming message to the Jews. This is not permissible according to the Shar'ah, and is a form of foul regionalism. 5) Accepting the stipulations of the samm'n also means approving of their safeguarding of apostate and heretical sects, and this is a mant. 6) The rest of the disasters found in their pacts including the struggle to establish a state of justice, freedom, and law, and other deviances, are not hidden from anyone with a mind even if he is a layman in Shar'ah." He then describes them as "an ally whose decision is in the hands of apostate regimes" and who are "allied to the apostate regimes and groups. They blatantly call to what is demanded from them by the kuffr and apostates. This party with these traits leads the Jabhah [Jawln front] towards the camp of treachery. If the Jabhah refuses to partake in the treachery of the samm'n, it will not be able to go back to square one, thereby bringing about its own end..." He continues saying, "Maybe some of the tricksters and circus performers of the Jabhah think that their abilities are very great and that they are able to trick the samm'n and tolerate them. But I say that this idea is very similar to that of the Ikhwn who want to trick America, for the samm'n
3 Editor's Note: This is a technical fiqh term meaning "reason" or "cause." From the context, it means "a cause of kufr."

52

are not the player in front of the Jabhah, rather the samm'n are a bride on the stage of brides who are moved by strings in the hand of America, the head of the axis of evil, representing the Zionist-crusader coalition and those who follow its caravan from the apostate regimes, the Mossad, and all the forces of kufr who have declared war against Islam. I know that the opinion of the tricksters is not like this and that they continue to assume the best in the samm'n. I'm very sorry to say that these people are very, very few. Alhamdulillh. They are in a distant delusion, straying in the passes of falsehood and crypts of deviance." "The samm'n announced and continue to announce that they will never abandon the support coming to them from the apostate states. So when the Jabhah unites with them in a single body, what applies to them applies to it, including the seeking of help from the kuffr and the submission to their conditions. This contradicts the teachings of the religion..." "To be brief, the samm'n are like a girl who lost her virginity by having harm relationships with the apostate regimes behind her. She was irritated by every woman who preserved her honor, chastity, principles, and religion, and instead of repenting to Allah, she wants to entangle every chaste women so that they are like her in vileness. Allah (ta'l) said, {They wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be alike. So do not take from among them allies until they perform hijrah for the cause of Allah} [An-Nis': 89]..." "Some of those with heartburn ask where the jihd scene is headed and they expect a military conflict with the samm'n ... I say, yes, the condition is dangerous. The condition in the arena is dangerous ... As for the issue of a conflict with the samm'n, then I ask Allah that it doesn't reach that, and that He prepares for the samm'n one who will return them to the truth. Nevertheless, the matter is severe..." "What is the difference between the group of samm'n and between Hazm and Jaml Ma'rf? Keep in mind that they gave refuge to the groups of Hazm and Ma'rf after our conflicts with them. What is the difference between the group of samm'n and between Zink and Zahrn `Allsh? Keep in mind that the samm'n are linked to `Allsh through a coalition and strive to form a coalition with Zink and its likes! All of them collect money from the outside. All of them follow agendas from the outside. And when the samm'n ally with people like these, it indicates that there is no difference between them. And when the samm'n denounce the actions of the Jabhah against Jaml Ma'rf and Hazm, this means they are in the other camp. And when they take arms from Ma'rf's group, claim that there is a se-

cret bay'ah from Ma'rf's group to them, and protect them from the Jabhah, this means they are in the other camp." "Hazm, Jaml Ma'rf, the samm'n, Zink, and their likes are connected to foreign agendas. They all receive aid from the governments of apostasy and kufr. The samm'n gave refuge to Ma'rf and Hazm and protected them from us. All of them execute what is dictated to them. But the master of all of them has not asked from the samm'n what he asked from Hazm and Ma'rf. Their like is that of the scholars of the tght ... What the tght of Syria and tght of Egypt demanded from their muftis, the Saudi tght did not demand initially. So the Saudi scholars appeared more acceptable. But when the Saudi tght demanded from its scholars the same as the other tawght, they executed what was required of them ... Rather, they did so in a more harmful and dangerous way. This is the exact difference between the samm'n and between Hazm and Ma'rf. All the movements that collect money ­ throughout history and to this day and age ­ have submitted to their masters and executed their orders when demanded. They will remain slaves to those who pay them."4 He then ends his article with poetry in which he refers to the factions as "the ambassadors of the Jews and crusader party
Jaml Ma'rf - A former ally of the Jawln front against the Islamic State 4 Editor's Note: If "Ahrr ash-Shm" are just like Ma'rf and Hazm, why did the Jawln front cooperate with "Ahrr ash-Shm" against the Islamic State? It was nothing but hypocrisy and apostasy. Note: Ma'rf was a former ally of the Jawln front against the Islamic State. As for Hazm, it was not formed until shortly after the Sahwah, but many of its founding leaders were in the Free Syrian Army and nationalist factions of the western countryside of Aleppo. The Jawln front cooperated with them in the Sahwah against the Islamic State before the formation of Hazm. It later cooperated with the "Shmiyyah Front" against the Islamic State after the unrepentant Hazm dissolved into the apostate "Shmiyyah Front."

53 IN THE WORDS OF THE ENEMY

who seduce the people of chastity and purity. These ambassadors drive the missions of kufr to us while displaying love for the lands of Shm ... They are just the messengers of the enemies and apparatuses of the forces of apostasy." This piece was followed by responses written by the Sahwah "ideologue" Ab Qatdah al-Filistn and the Sahwah liar Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm (a top leader of the Jawln front), both of whom criticized Ab Firs for his open criticism of "Ahrr ash-Shm." Ab Firs responded by writing an article titled "The Bankrupt Ones." In it he said, "He who read the response of my brother Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm gets the impression that Ab `Abdillh read my article online and had not known about it before! The truth is that I showed the article to my brother Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm two months before publishing it. It earned his praise ... So why did he approve of it only to later censure it? Is it an independent opinion that he reached later, or pressure upon our brother Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm? Was he pressured so strongly? Allah knows best." Ab Firs later criticizes Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm for ignoring the blatant remarks of deviance made by Ab `Abdil-Malik "ash-Shar'," Ab Yazan ash-Shm, Ab Ayman al-Hamw, Ab Sriyah ash-Shm (all of whom are dead former leaders of "Ahrr ash-Shm"), and Ab Jbir ashShaykh (former leader of "Ahrr ash-Shm"), including their disavowal of international jihd, their readiness to cooperate with and even fight alongside the kfir states and apostate regimes, their protection of the apostate sects, their call for a state of justice, law, and freedom, their wish to support the apostate states in other wars, their endorsement of Turkish intervention in Shm, and their desire to unite with the agents of kufr and enemies of Islam. After quoting these various leaders he says, "My words on the samm'n were based on facts. Before you are a selection of these facts. My words were not based on suspected outcomes."5 Of course, the retraction of stances is not new to Ab `Abdillh ash-Shm, as he had before labelled "Ahrr ashShm" to be the "Future Hamas" (referring to the deviant methodology of Hamas and their ruling by manmade laws).6 And although Ab `Abdillh criticized Ab Firs, he himself had made similar albeit less explicit statements about the Syrian factions in his response to at-Tarts and his interview with "Al-Manrah al-Bayd'." His leader ­ Jawln ­ had called "Ahrr ash-Shm" "the sahwt of the
5 Editor's Note: All but one of the apostates he quotes are from the dead former leadership of "Ahrr ash-Shm." Also, the various pacts he refers to were all written in the time of these dead leaders and signed by them. So why was he critical of the Islamic State for pronouncing takfr of "Ahrr ash-Shm" and their allies? And why did he himself cooperate with "Ahrr ash-Shm" against the Islamic State! 6 Editor's Note: See Dbiq, issue 10, "Interview with Ab Samr al-Urdun (former member of Jawln's shr council)," page 75.

future"7 and criticized the factions for receiving aid from the crusaders and tawght because there is no such thing as unconditional aid, as he himself declared in his last interview with Al Jazeera. What we see before us are the signs of the ultimate collapse of the Jawln front. Its top leaders publically denounce the extreme deviance of their closest allies, criticize each other, and accuse each other of lies, disobeying orders, and not respecting nor abiding by shr. They flatter the other sahwt, fearing that they might turn on them, after serving them in their treachery against the Islamic State. They expose the reality of the other sahwt, that they are agents of the crusaders and the tawght, showing that the Jawln front knew this all along through their close relationship and closed door meetings with the Sahwah leaders. But because of the jihd claimants' irj', the various forms of apostasy their allies fall into do not merit takfr nor war! And so they cooperate with these apostate allies against the Islamic State, thereby drowning themselves in the depths of apostasy.8 May Allah continue to expose the Sahwah apostates, including the Jawln front, until there does not remain a single mustard seed of doubt about them in the hearts of the Muslims.
Ab Yahy al-Hamw - The new leader of "Ahrr ash-Shm," a longtime ally of the Jawln front 7 Editor's Note: See previous footnote. 8 Editor's Note: For more, see Dbiq, issue 8, "Irj': The Most Dangerous Bid'ah," pages 39-56.

54

Ab Junaydah, whose parents are from Morocco, grew up in the crusader country of Germany. Like most youth from migrant families, he was somewhat distant from his religion despite his father and mother both then being religious Muslims. And although life in drul-kufr led many Muslim youth to abandon the daily prayers, Ab Junaydah was an exception. No matter what he faced in life, he would never forget salh. When he was a child, his father made him memorize some of the Qur'n and go with him to the masjid. When he grew older, he appreciated this discipline as due to it, he had learned much of the book of Allah. And so Allah guides whomever He wills and He showed His mercy towards Ab Junaydah, guiding him to serious practice at the age of eighteen. He began to learn his religion on his own effort and distance himself from all bad influences. He also married early to protect himself from the traps of zin. Shortly after, Allah bestowed him with a daughter, whom he named Junaydah. Saddened by the events in Shm and the crimes committed against Ahlus-Sunnah, he resolved to perform hijrah there to partake in the jihd. In "2013," he travelled to Shm and joined the faction called "Jund ash-Shm," led by the deviant liar Muslim ash-Shshn. Upon arrival, Ab Junaydah was very happy to have arrived to the lands of jihd, but he quickly found out that not every "mujhid" and not every "jihd" faction is on the sound manhaj. He and the other mujhidn were forbidden from pronouncing takfr upon the tght Erdogan and the other tawght of Turkey for reasons of "maslahah." Similarly, they were forbidden from pronouncing takfr upon the "Free Syrian Army" (FSA). He witnessed how he himself as well as the Islamic State were strongly criticized for this. There were also many situations in which the law of Allah was violated by the local factions; the people weren't being judged by the Shar'ah. In one of these cases, for example, a local person insulted Allah (ta'l) and did not receive punishment for his crime. While he was with Jund ash-Shm, he was joined by his best friend Ab Luqmn al-Almn and Ab Junaydah's

cousin Ab Hafs al-Almn in order to wage jihd against the tawght everywhere and their allies. But Ab Luqmn and Ab Hafs did not stay long with Jund ash-Shm, as they quickly recognized the corrupt and deviant manhaj of the faction and understood that they should join the Jam'ah. Thus they both gave bay'ah to Amrul-Mu'minn Ab Bakr al-Husayn al-Baghdd (hafidhahullh), joining the Islamic State. On the day of the Sahwah treachery, Ab Luqmn and Ab Hafs were captured by the FSA and imprisoned with hundreds of other muhjirn. But they deceived their captors into releasing them. This led them to meet Ab Junaydah again, who had abandoned Jund ash-Shm for the Jawln front shortly before the Sahwah. He began to work in the Jawln front's media department. Because of Ab Sulaymn the Australian's lies, Ab Junaydah had some misconceptions about the Islamic State, but his heart was longing to join the Jam'ah, to be on its side while the whole world had assembled against it militarily, politically, economically, and even in the media realm. He also began catching many contradictions in the claims of Ab Sulaymn the Australian and his Sahwah comrades against the Islamic State. In addition to this, Ab Hafs ­ who was stuck in Halab after his release from the early Sahwah prisons ­ would regularly advise Ab Junaydah to join the Islamic State. And Allah guides whomever He wills. Ab Junaydah listened to the speeches of the senile and deviant Dhawhir and those of the former war minister of the Islamic State, Shaykh Ab Hamzah al-Muhjir r. He listened to their

55 AMONGST THE BELIEVERS ARE MEN

speeches about the Islamic State in order to form his own opinion on the matter of the Islamic State and Q'idah. He quickly realized that the new leadership of Qi'dah was altogether lying to the Ummah. Thus, he decided to leave for Kafar Hamrah with his cousin Ab Hafs so as to join the Islamic State. Once he arrived, he immediately went for ribt, to partake in the battle against the treacherous sahwt. Together with the other soldiers of the Islamic State, they opened up the path to withdraw to I'zz and then al-Bb. After arriving in al-Bb, Ab Junaydah went with his cousin to ar-Raqqah to bring his family back to Shm, as some brothers had sent their wives and children away from the harm of the sahwt during the chaos that followed the launching of the Sahwah conspiracy. Shortly after, Ab Junaydah was tasked with many da'wah projects but he always wanted to return to fighting. He longed for his cousin and wanted to be together with him again. Ab Hafs had partaken in the battles near Sirrn against the sahwt of Liw Thuwwr ar-Raqqah, who are led by the former Jawln front leader Ab `s ar-Raqqah. He also participated in the battles against the sahwt of alKhayr, who were led by the Jawln front leader Ab Mriyah al-Harr. He was treacherously murdered in the summer of "2014" by Harr's "soldiers" in a drive-by shooting inside one of the liberated towns of al-Khayr. May Allah accept him. Ab Junaydah was very much saddened but he remained committed to his work and tried to explain to his relatives and family that Ab Hafs had given his blood for the establishment of the Khilfah and that it was the greatest wish of them both that their families perform hijrah to the Islamic State. By Allah's grace, his sister followed his example as she did not want to remain any longer in a country involved in
Ab Hafs and Junaydah

Ab Junaydah (may Allah accept him)
waging war against Islam, the Muslims, and the Khilfah. Despite his da'wah work and despite him having two wives and children for whom he cared, he participated in many battles against the apostates. He took part in the battles of `Ayn al-Islm, Tadmur, and Mri', where he finally achieved what he had for so long been yearning for, shahdah. Crusader planes came to the aid of the sahwt of Halab ­ the allies of Q'idah in Shm ­ and struck a position where he was performing ribt on the outskirts of Mri'. He was killed instantly, during the most blessed days of the year, the first ten days of Dhul-Hijjah. The Prophet g said, "No deeds are as good as deeds done in these ten days." They asked him, "Not even jihd?" He replied, "Not even jihd, except for a man who endangers himself and his wealth [in jihd], and returns with nothing" [Reported by al-Bukhr from Ibn `Abbs]. This hadith was one he chose to narrate to brothers while on his way to Mri'. May Allah unite him and his cousin in Paradise and allow us to follow them. May Allah look after his family and protect his children in the shade of the Khilfah, so that they only live by tawhd and so that they are amongst the ranks of Prophet `s n when he descends to lead the armies of the Muslims.

56

kindness, his zeal toward any task he undertook, his subtle sense of humor, his insight and understanding concerning matters related to religion, and his close commitment to parents and family.

From a remote corner of a tiny dot on the map that represents the island of Sri Lanka, better known among most Arabs as "Sln," and famous around the world for its delicious tea, came a young man known in the Islamic State as Ab Shurayh as-Sln. Ab Shurayh r showed great enthusiasm towards religious studies from a very young age. Even as a young man, he would stand strong and firm when confronted by various people of bid'ah in matters of `aqdah. After completion of his studies in Sri Lanka, he continued on in the study of Shar'ah abroad. His kindness, devotion, and deep concern for the Ummah seemed always to move him in a different direction away from the mundane worldly desires and concerns of most people. Having grown up in a village, he despised life in the city and always preferred to keep things bare and simple. He was also an advocate for physical fitness and was a master of martial arts, for which he was renowned. When he left Sri Lanka to perform hijrah, he had a prestigious job in the suburbs. Through his travels and his own enthusiasm for understanding the matters of religion, he gained proficiency in the Arabic and Urdu languages, apart from being fluent in English and the native languages spoken in Sri Lanka. It was neither strange nor rare for him to engage in conversation with the local people of arRaqqah, enjoining good and forbidding evil, giving da'wah, and clearing any doubts or apprehensions they might have regarding the newly established Khilfah. For Ab Shurayh r, the concepts of hijrah and jihd, the return of the Khilfah, the great battles that will be fought and won, the return of Prophet `s n, among other related topics were regular conversation with close family and friends. He grew up with the dream that he would live to see the unravelling of those events that we only read and hear about from the books of hadth. He was among the few that strongly believed that those times were not far. He was loved and respected among family and friends for his

When the dream of khilfah became a reality presenting the chance to perform hijrah to a land where the Shar'ah of Allah and the Sunnah of His beloved Messenger g would be revived and upheld, there was nothing that could hold him back from answering the call. As occurred with many others, it felt as though his entire life seemed to lead him to this moment. Hijrah however is no easy task. As is the case with all other acts of worship that are beloved to Allah, Shaytn stands diligently in the way. His parents recall him having said during all the trials they faced before embarking upon hijrah, "This is it for me. I want to have nothing of this Duny." Allah the All-Hearing blessed him with not only the opportunity to perform hijrah himself, but to lead a party of sixteen others from among his closest family members, including his parents, wife, and six children. This is a blessing so rare among the muhjirn of the Islamic State. Ab Shurayh rarely ever missed qiym al-layl. And throughout the last month of his brief life in the blessed month of Ramadn, he led his family in tarwh every evening, with his beautiful recitation of the Qur'n. He also volunteered for many night shifts in Ramadn at ribt checkpoints despite his demanding daytime responsibilities in da'wah. The niyyah to be on guard and defend drul-Islm never left his heart, which is the essence of ribt. He was a murbit regardless of his job and whereabouts. He also participated in battles for the T3 gas fields and Jazal, both in Wilyat Hims. Having had the opportunity to serve the Khilfah, through the favor and grace of Allah, and doing his duty towards his family particularly his children by bringing them from drul-kufr to drul-Islm, where they will thrive and grow to serve and fight for Allah's religion, by Allah's permission, Ab Shurayh as-Sln attained shahdah by a Nusayr airstrike on the city of ar-Raqqah, outside the masjid, after maghrib prayer, during the ten most blessed nights of the year, on the 25th night of Ramadn 1436. There was one airstrike, so he returned to the masjid to check for any casualties, and on the way he was killed by a second strike. May Allah accept Ab Shurayh and have mercy on him and all those who gave their life, wealth, and time for the cause of Allah, those whose actions continue to inspire and awaken this Ummah, by Allah's permission.

57 AMONGST THE BELIEVERS ARE MEN

58

59 INTERVIEW

This month, Dbiq had the opportunity to interview a mujhid stationed in Somalia who has given bay'ah to the Khalfah (hafidhahullh). We present our questions and his responses below.1 Dbiq: How is the support for the Khilfah on the ground in Somalia? Ab Muhrib: Alhamdullilh, the situation in Somalia is currently very fluid and fast moving, with several groups already defecting from Harakat ash-Shabb in southern Somalia and others waiting. Groups in northern Somalia have also openly declared bay'ah. Some groups at the present stage cannot openly declare bay'ah due to security reasons and other factors. However, there is a phase of coordination and cooperation currently being undertaken in order to achieve a synchronized media effort, tactical maneuvering of forces, and securing of logistics to achieve strategic aims. Insh'allh, this will be soon. Dbiq: Are there regions in Somalia outside the control of the apostate government and the crusaders? What is the military situation on the ground? Who are the major enemies to the jihd mission in the region? Ab Muhrib: Currently there is a crusader AMISOM (African Union Mission in Somalia) presence in Somalia backing the apostate government. There are regions outside the control of the apostate government and the crusaders which are either with Harakat ash-Shabb or are effectively a "no man's land" ­ this being mainly in the countryside ­ with a tribal presence but limited or no presence of either the movement or the government. The main enemies to the jihd mission in the region are AMISOM ­ mainly Ethiopians, Kenyans, Ugandans, and Burundians who also oppress the Muslim populations living in those lands ­ their murtadd lackeys in Somalia, and the Americans via their surveillance, drone program, and logistical support for their proxies. Dbiq: Why is Harakat ash-Shabb still with al-Q'idah? What is their opinion on Dhawhir's leadership of alQ'idah? Do they believe as Dhawhir believes that the laymen Rfidah, Morsi, the Hamas government, and the nationalist and Saudi sahwt are "Muslims"? Ab Muhrib: Harakat ash-Shabb's choice of still being with al-Q'idah has baffled its many sincere soldiers at all levels, hence the current continuing reality of mass defections and political turmoil. This outcome is the result of the leadership contradicting its official rhetoric of working for the revival of khilfah. It did this by refusing advice and ignoring the appeals of its soldiers to give bay'ah when the Khilfah was finally established. This matter has reinforced
1 Note: This interview was held before the recent wave of bay't from various Shabb groups and individuals to the Islamic State. Accordingly, the situation on the ground has changed significantly since then.

the notion that the jihd of the Shabb leadership was more for the sake of hizbiyyah and taqld rather than fighting for the clear shar' objective. The leadership officially endorses Dhawhir in general. However, individual leaders may not hold his deviant views with regards to Morsi, Hamas, the Rfidah, or the Sahwah. This highlights the fact that their supposed relationship with al-Q'idah is merely a political game to protect the authority of the Shabb leadership currently in control of the movement.
Dhawhir - A confused man with a confusing leadership structure
Dbiq: How have the "General Guidelines for Jihd" by Dhawhir affected the jihd in Somalia? Does Harakat ashShabb follow the feeble policies he orders? Ab Muhrib: In reality, it has no effect because the Shabb leadership sees Dhawhir as simply a symbolic figure who has no real control of affairs. Internally, Shabb policy makers act independently in accordance with alleged interests. Like I said before, the bay'ah to al-Q'idah and being under Dhawhir are used as a political tool by the leadership to sideline and dismantle internal political strife. Examples of this include the dissolving of the Shr body under the pretext of "taking orders" from al-Q'idah, and on the other side of the coin, "We can't be under the Khilfah as we are under Dhawhir..." Dbiq: Does the Shabb leadership consider the Islamic State to be Khawrij? What is their stance towards the Taliban hoax and the concealment of Mull `Umar's death? Ab Muhrib: Only a few leaders may consider the Islamic State to be Khawrij, but this is not the mainstream view. As for the Taliban hoax, then it was severely embarrassing for the Shabb leadership, as they had no explanation for it. This also reinforced the confusing paradigm that existed for years for which there was never a real explanation. I refer to the Shabb-under-Dhawhir-under-Taliban paradigm, a concept never comprehended by the Shabb soldiers.

60

Locally the Shabb ­ in certain matters ­ acted as an Islamic emirate, such as the bay'ah to its leader being considered wjib and the policy of killing any armed opposition or divisive defection. In other issues, it acted as an organization, as being an official branch of al-Q'idah. And in other matters, they possessed their own independent policies on the ground. So what was the role of Mull `Umar in all of this? Was his opinion ever sought on any matter? Or is he yet another symbolic figure? Why was the bay'ah not simply given to him if he was truly the supreme leader for all these years? Why was it instead given to the Shabb leader? The Taliban hoax and the bay't by al-Q'idah to a dead man highlighted the deception that al-Q'idah regional leaders are capable of. Dbiq: Do you have any criticism of the manhaj of the Shabb leadership? Ab Muhrib: There is no criticism of the official manhaj of Harakat ash-Shabb upon which it was founded. However, I believe the leadership should fear Allah with regards to abandoning their founding principles and fanatically holding onto personal opinions and hizbiyyah. They should not forget what happened to the jihd factions in Iraq and Shm who followed such a path. We seek refuge with Allah from such befalling them. It should also be noted that at the height of its power and consolidation, the movement did not implement the Shar'ah fully when it had the ability to do so. For example, it never fully banned qat (a narcotic drug chewed by some locals) and implemented a number of questionable policies all in the name of a loosely defined "maslahah" and to preserve "popular support." Dbiq: How does Harakat ash-Shabb deal with the Muslims and mujhidn who give bay'ah to the Khilfah? How is the drive towards bay'ah to the Islamic State? Ab Muhrib: Firstly, it is the known policy of the Shabb leadership to kill any armed group who defects from their
An image of qat, a narcotic drug used by populations in the Horn of Africa and Yemen

movement or anyone who is perceived to have destabilized the unity of the soldiery under their hold. Secondly, after the Khilfah announcement, they have utilized several methods to deter, oppress, and terrorize those mujhidn in their ranks who support the Khilfah. These methods include imprisoning the Khilfah supporters, raiding their houses to cause them fear, isolating them, and using financial punishments such as cutting allowances for their families as a pressure tactic to force them to compromise. Sadly, these allowances were raised from Muslims for the sake of jihd, not for the purpose of waging a campaign against the Khilfah. They have also forced many mujhidn to attend their "shar'" courses in an attempt to create doubts about the Khilfah amongst the soldiers. They have also several times banned distribution of Islamic State videos but reversed this ban due to the sheer popularity of the Islamic State's media. Through their security department, they have made intimidating phone calls and threatening SMS messages to various Khilfah supporters. Despite all this, the drive towards bay'ah is phenomenal and is maintaining an explosive pace. The soldiers continue to take the risk and defect, seeking to join any of the newly formed Khilfah battalions. Dbiq: A lot of muhjirn have left Somalia, some of them coming to Shm for the Islamic State. What is the reason for this? Do they continue to leave Somalia for Shm? Ab Muhrib: Since the announcement of the Khilfah, many muhjirn have left to Shm and Yemen, while others had also been trying to leave. The strongest reason was the issue of the Khilfah and the Shabb leadership not giving bay'ah. As for those entering Somalia now and those remaining here, then the bulk of these muhjirn are from the neighboring East African countries, as the closest place for them to perform hijrah to is Somalia. Dbiq: What is the attitude of the Muslim commoners in Somalia towards the Khilfah? What is the attitude of the soldiers and leaders of Harakat ash-Shabb towards the Islamic State? Ab Muhrib: The scholars, knowledge seekers, and many of the commoners support the Khilfah and are immensely excited about it. The vast majority of the Shabb soldiers support the Khilfah. However, the Shabb leadership fears and despises it. Dbiq: How was the reaction of the Shabb leadership towards the fitnah video of the hizb `Azzm al-Amrk that was leaked online in which he openly but indirectly criticized them? Ab Muhrib: The leadership criticized the leaked video as being made by someone who did not know the ground realities despite their claim that they are under al-Q'idah. No doubt the Khursn "leadership" knows very little about

61 INTERVIEW

the situation here in Somalia, still the fitnah video sank the Shabb soldiers further into confusion with regards to the relationship between ash-Shabb and al-Q'idah. Dbiq: Do you have advice for Harakat ash-Shabb and the Muslim commoners in Somalia? Ab Muhrib: My advice is for everyone to fulfill the obligation and give bay'ah to the Khalfah, Amrul-Mu'minn Ab Bakr al-Husayn al-Baghdd, to be with the Jam'ah and the Imm of the Muslims. Allah c said, {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [li `Imrn: 103]. Hudhayfah Ibn al-Yamn k said, "The people used to ask Raslullh g about good and I used to ask him about evil, fearing it might reach me. So I said, `O Raslullh, we were in jhiliyyah and evil, then Allah brought us this good, so is there evil after this good?' He said, `Yes.' I said, `Is there any good after that evil?' He said, `Yes, and it will be tainted.' I said, `What is its taint?' He said, `A people who follow other than my Sunnah, and take as guidance other than my guidance. You recognize good and evil from them.' I said, `Is there any evil after that good?' He said, `Yes, callers at the gates of Hellfire, they will throw into Hellfire whoever answers their call to it.' I said, `O Raslullh, describe them to us.' He said, `They are a people from our skin who speak with our tongues.' I said, `O Raslullh, what do you advise I do if I reach that time.' He said, `Stick to the jam'ah [the khilfah] of the Muslims and their imm [the khalfah].' I said, `What if they have no jam'ah nor imm?' He said, `Then abandon all of those sects even if you have to bite the root of a tree until death comes upon you while you are in that condition'" [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim]. Dbiq: Do you have advice for those hizbiyyn who have remained under the banners of "al-Q'idah," "Taliban," and other factions?

Ab Muhrib: Our advice is simply to fear Allah with regards to their jihd, and to ask themselves, where is the jihd in Somalia under the Shabb leadership going? Was the blood of the shuhad' spilled in order for you to recognize Iran as a "Muslim" state and the Rfidah as your "brothers"? Are you really fighting for khilfah? Were all the sacrifices made only to abandon wal' and bar' and to pursue Sykes-Picot politics under Mull Akhtar and his nationalist agenda? And ask yourselves, who really is in charge of you? Is it Ab `Ubaydah? Dhawhir? Or Mull Akhtar? Or all of them together at once?! Is it not time to do what is correct and give bay'ah to the Khalfah, thereby freeing yourself from this confusion, deviation, taqld, and hizbiyyah, and thereby really supporting and saving the jihd in Somalia? Ask yourselves, did not Harakat ash-Shabb force other groups in Somalia to unite under them even through the use of force such as was the case with Hizbul-Islm? So why does Harakat ash-Shabb itself now refrain from unity under the greater jam'ah? Dbiq: Do you have advice for the Muslims living in the Khilfah? Ab Muhrib: I advise the Muslims to be steadfast and patient, and to constantly make shukr as they are insh'allh living in the dawn of a new era. They should support the Khilfah in any way they can and not forget to make du''. Dbiq: Do you have advice for the Somalis living in the West? Ab Muhrib: My advice is for them to do hijrah to the lands of the Khilfah. Those who cannot should strike the kfir enemies of the Khilfah wherever they reside. And likewise, no one is excused from supporting the Khilfah with their du'', da'wah, and wealth.

One of the many groups of Shabb fighters who gave bay'ah to the Khalfah

62

63 SPECIAL

64

Allah's Messenger g said, "The Euphrates is on the verge of uncovering a mountain of gold. He who is present there should not take anything from it" [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim from Ab Hurayrah]. In another narration, he g said, "The Hour will not be established until the Euphrates uncovers a mountain of gold over which the people will fight. Ninety-nine out of each one hundred will be killed, but every man amongst them will say, `Perhaps I myself will survive'" [Reported by Muslim from Ab Hurayrah]. In another narration, he g said, "The Euphrates is on the verge of uncovering a mountain of gold and when the people hear of it they will proceed towards it. The people who are [already] there will say, `If we allow these people to take some of it, they will take it all away.' So they will fight and ninety-nine out of one hundred will be killed" [Reported by Muslim from Ubayy Ibn Ka'b].
65

