The Murtadd
Brotherhood

1

Issue 14
CONTENTS
Feature

The spark has been lit here in Iraq, and its heat will continue to intensify ­ by Allah's permission ­ until it burns the crusader armies in Dabiq.
AbuMus'abaz-Zarqawi 

28 The Murtadd Brotherhood

04 Foreword 20 Operations 44 From the Pages of History 50 Among the Believers Are Men 56 In the Words of the Enemy 58 Interview

28

Articles

06

The Knights of Shahdah in Belgium

08

Kill the Imms of Kufr in the West

18

Do They Not Then Reflect on the Qur'n

Special
52 The Blood of Shame

2 CONTENTS

44 08

52

3

All praise is due to Allah, Lord of the creation. May blessings and peace be upon His Messenger, Muhammad, and upon all his family and companions. To proceed:
For nearly two years, Muslims in the lands of the Khilfah have watched their beloved brothers, sisters, and children being relentlessly bombed by crusader warplanes. The scenes of carnage, of blood and limbs scattered in the streets, have become commonplace for the believers. The yearning for revenge has taken seed and has grown steadily in the hearts of the grieving widows, distressed orphans, and solemn soldiers; and the fruits are ready for harvest.
4 FOREWORD

The crusaders claim to bear the standard of "liberty" and "justice" for all the oppressed peoples of the world, when in fact their tyranny knows no limits when directed against the Muslim Ummah. It was only a matter of time before the brunt of the Ummah's wrath fell upon them and awakened them to reality.
The death of a single Muslim, no matter his role in society, is more grave to the believer than the massacre of every kfir on earth. And while the Shar'ah calls for the invasion of all kfir lands, certainly the aggressors are dealt with before those nations not actively waging war against the Khilfah. This is an obvious reality. Any disbeliever standing in the way of the Islamic State will be killed, without pity or remorse, until Muslims suffer no harm and governance is entirely for Allah.
Brussels, the heart of Europe, has been struck. The blood of its vitality spilled on the ground, trampled under the feet of the mujhidn. Flames ignited years ago in Iraq have now scorched the battleground of Belgium, soon to spread to the rest of crusader Europe and the West. Paris was a warning. Brussels was a reminder. What is yet to come will be more devastating and more bitter by the permission of Allah, and Allah prevails

over His affair, but most people do not know. Having heeded the lessons of years spent fighting the harshest of wars in modern times, the soldiers of the Islamic State promise their adversaries dark days of death and destruction in their own lands. Bullets and shrapnel will slash and pierce all those whom Allah's soldiers reach. Survivors will be scarred physically and mentally, haunted whenever their eyes are closed, whenever they blink. The sounds of sirens will fill the air, preceded by blasts from bombs planted in all the right places. The damage to their economy, their infrastructure, and their sources of income will make their lives harder than they now imagine. And it will not end there, not until the rule of Allah reaches east to west and the Muslims walk undisturbed by the kfir filth beneath them.
Unlike the slaves of Shaytn, who strike with all their mortal might yet fear their mortal fate, the slaves of ar-Rahmn are prepared to meet their Lord, hopeful of His acceptance. Those kuffr who presume their bombs and proxy soldiers will cause the Islamic State to stop should realize that the soldiers of the Khilfah have surrendered themselves to Allah, the Creator of all things and Master of the Universe. There is thus no possibility of their surrender to humans. The crusaders, on the other hand, have no eventual choice but to accept defeat. While arrogance will prevent them today, it is only a matter of time ­ after as many blessed operations as Allah facilitates for His soldiers in their lands ­ before the crusaders' resolve dissipates and they fall at the feet of the invading lions, appealing for amnesty and begging to pay jizyah.

5

Ibrhm al-Bakrw (Ab Sulaymn al-Baljk) Brussels Airport Istishhd
Ab Sulaymn was known for his bravery and generosity before and even more so after he was guided by Allah. While incarcerated, he followed the news about the atrocities against the Muslims in Shm. Something clicked and he decided to change his life, to live for his religion.
After he was released from prison, he quickly joined his brother Khlid, began buying weapons, searched for lodging, and made plans. It is firstly due to Allah and then to Ibrhm and his brother that the raid in Paris took place.
Khlid al-Bakrw (Ab Wald al-Baljk) Metro Station Istishhd
A man of strong character, a natural leader, Khlid was guided while in prison after having a vivid, life-changing dream. He saw that he was alongside the Prophet g fighting the disbelievers. Narrating his dream, he said, "It was a vision. After hearing the last verse of al-Fath recited in a loud voice, I saw the Prophet g on a horse in battle, a distance away. The vision took me beyond the battlefield. I saw myself as an archer shooting arrows at the enemy. I would shoot, take cover, then shoot again." He narrated other details of the dream and said, "I then woke up, back in my prison cell."
After leaving prison, full of conviction and steadfastness,
6 ARTICLE

he started giving da'wah in his neighborhood, calling the youth to make hijrah to Shm. He also wrote a few articles on the crusades of the era fought by the West against the Muslims.
All preparations for the raids in Paris and Brussels started with him and his older brother Ibrhm. These two brothers gathered the weapons and the explosives. After the blessed raid in Paris, he saw another dream, which motivated him to carry out an istishhd operation. He narrated, "The second dream was three months ago. It was a vision that took place from fajr until dhuhr. I arose to a high place, as if I was in space, surrounded by stars; but the sky was like the blue of night." He then heard a voice in the dream telling him that he was created only to worship Allah and ordering him to fight for His cause and make His word supreme. He then woke up.
Ab Wald then narrated a third dream: "I had a vision that also took place from fajr until dhuhr, but ended at night. I saw myself on a boat along with Ab Sulaymn and another brother. Each of us had a Turkish soldier as a hostage. I had a pistol and Ab Sulaymn had a belt. I told him to give me his belt, as I would feel better having it. So he gave me the belt and I gave him my pistol. I then quickly advanced with the Turkish hostage in order to close in on other soldiers, two of whom were in front of us. I detonated my belt, killing the soldiers. My head then descended to the ground. One of the brothers working on the operation and Shaykh al-`Adnn took my head and said, `Check to see if he is smiling or not.' I then saw my soul and those of the three soldiers. All of a sudden, the soldiers' souls burned and vanished and, suddenly, the banner of Islam ­ represented in the dream by the flag of the Islamic State ­ came out of the earth and was shining brightly. My soul then became full of light." He then heard a voice in the dream telling him that he had achieved deliverance. Ab Wald continued, "I prostrated quickly and repeatedly pronounced the takbr. I then awoke to find my heart beating fast, and I was taking quick breaths."

Najm al-`Ashrw (Ab Idrs al-Baljk) Brussels Airport Istishhd
He was a unique man, possessing excellent manners, always in the service of his brothers, and very intelligent. His hijrah began in "2013," when he heard the cry of Muslims in Shm. He joined Majlis Shr al-Mujhidn led by Abul-Athr al`Abs (may Allah accept him) and, when the traitor al-Jawln betrayed the Islamic State, he was one of the first, along with the rest of his group, to pledge allegiance to Amrul-Mu'minn Ab Bakr al-Baghdd.
He participated in several battles against the Nusayr regime before the FSA apostates started to fight the mujhidn. Proving himself steadfast during the sahwah in Shm, he fought them until the order came to withdraw to ar-Raqqah. He continued to participate in raids until he suffered a bullet wound to his leg in a raid against Jabhat al-Jawln in alKhayr.
After healing for several months, he began to train in order to realize his dream of returning to Europe to avenge the Muslims of Iraq and Shm for the constant bombing by crusader warplanes. Upon completing his training, he traveled the long road to France to execute his operation. It was Ab Idrs who prepared the explosives for the two raids in Paris and Brussels.
Muhammad Bilq'id (Ab `Abdil-`Azz al-Jaz'ir) Defended the Mujhidn During a Police Raid
Before returning to France, Ab `Abdil-`Azz participated in several raids against the Nusayr regime. The most prominent of these battles were those of Kuwayris Airbase and the 17th Division. During his campaigning, he suffered an injury to his leg while fighting the sahwt in Dimashq. He also took part in the conquest of ar-Ramd, where a bullet struck his head.
He was a man full of wisdom, the commander of a group of inghims troops. Liked by all of the brothers, he was known for his fasting, his praying throughout the night, and his constant reading of the Qur'n. When he heard that Ab Idrs wanted to return to Europe to execute an istishhd operation, he immediately decided to accompany him and assist him in his mission.
While in Belgium, and during the final stages of preparation for the raid in Brussels, kfir police stormed his apartment. Though he had the ability to escape with his team, he decided to make this his final stand and to ensure his brothers a safe exit. He exchanged fire with the Belgian and French forces for several hours, injuring a number of them, as his brothers took off into the forest.

7

Contrary to popular misconception, riddah (apostasy) does not exclusively mean to go from calling oneself a Muslim to calling oneself a Jew, Christian, Hindu, Buddhist or otherwise. In reality, there are only two religions. There is the religion of Allah, which is Islam, and then the religion of anything else, which is kufr. Allah c said, {Verily, the religion according to Allah is Islam} [l `Imrn: 19], and He said, {And whoever seeks other than Islam as a religion, it will never be accepted of him, and he will be among the losers in the end} [l `Imrn: 85]. So whatever is not Islam is not the religion according to Allah and it will never be accepted. Rather, it is the religion of losers in the end, which is kufr, as Allah said about the kfirn, {In the end, they are the losers} [An-Nahl: 109]. Therefore, anyone who falls into kufr has left Islam, even if he claims to be a Muslim. Ibn Hazm said, "There is no religion except Islam or kufr; whoever leaves one of them inevitably enters the other, as there is nothing in between them" [Al-Fisal].
The person who calls himself a "Muslim" but unapologetically commits blatant kufr is not a munfiq (hypocrite), as some mistakenly claim. Rather, he is a murtadd (apostate). The difference between nifq (hypocrisy) and riddah is that a munfiq conceals his kufr and openly manifests Islam, quickly apologizing if ever his cover is blown. The murtadd, on the other hand, openly commits his kufr after ascribing to Islam.
8 ARTICLE

The Ruling on Riddah
The ruling of the person who commits riddah is that he is killed, unless he repents before he is apprehended. Allah's Messenger g sent Mu'dh Ibn Jabal h to Yemen to assist Ab Ms al-Ash'ar h with ruling the people according to the Shar'ah. When he arrived at the court assembly, he found there a man bound in chains. He asked Ab Ms, "Who is this?" He replied, "He was a Jew who accepted Islam and then became a Jew again. Sit." Mu'dh said, "I will not sit until he is killed. Such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger! Such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger! Such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger!" So Ab Ms gave the order and he was killed [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim]. His repeated statement, that "such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger," is a clear evidence that the ruling of one who leaves Islam after he is apprehended is that he is killed.
As for repenting before being caught, then Allah said, {Say, "O My slaves, those who have transgressed against themselves, do not despair of the mercy of Allah. Verily, Allah forgives all sins. Verily, He is the Forgiving, the Merciful. And repent to your Lord and surrender to Him before the punishment reaches you; then you will not be helped"} [Az-Zumar: 53-54]. Likewise, and specifically about the apostate, Allah

said, {How would Allah guide a people who disbelieved after they believed, having testified that the Messenger is true, and clear evidences reached them, and Allah does not guide tyrannical people. Those, their reward is that the curse of Allah, the angels, and all of mankind is upon them, abiding therein forever. The torment does not lessen for them, nor are they given respite, except those who repent thereafter and correct themselves, for verily Allah is Forgiving, Merciful} [l `Imrn: 87-89]. It should then be no surprise that Amrul-Mu'minn Ab Bakr al-Baghdd (hafidhahullh) declared that any of the apostates from the sahwt or otherwise who repent to Allah and surrender themselves to the Islamic State will be guaranteed amnesty, even if they had killed a million mujhidn. But those who are caught before they repent, then there is no amnesty for them and theirs shall be a painful ­ and fatal ­ punishment.
Historical Examples
During the life and mission of the Prophet g, the issue of riddah arose on a few occasions. The most famous case was that of the `Ukl­`Uran apostates. Some men from the tribes of `Ukl and `Uraynah came to al-Madnah, entered upon the Prophet g, and announced their Islam. They then said to him, "O Prophet of Allah! We are a people of livestock,

The punishment for apostasy

9

not a people of agriculture," complaining of an illness they contracted in al-Madnah. So Allah's Messenger g ordered for them camels and a herdsman, and he ordered them to leave the city limits to drink the camels' milk and urine (for its medicinal properties). They set out, but when they came to the edge of the volcanic rock field, they apostatized after having declared their Islam, killed the Prophet's herdsman, and rode off with the camels. The news reached the Prophet g, so he sent trackers to find them. After they were found, he ordered that their eyes be gouged out with iron nails, their hands and feet be cut off, and they be left atop the volcanic rock field begging for water, which they would not be given, until they died in that condition [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim from Anas Ibn Mlik].
Another case in that blessed time was that of Ibn Khatal. When Allah's Messenger g entered Makkah during its conquest, a man came to him and informed him that Ibn Khatal was clinging to the drapery covering the Ka'bah (a gesture symbolizing his seeking amnesty from the Muslims by appealing to their reverence of the Haram), so he g said, "Kill him" [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim from Anas Ibn Mlik]. Regarding the conquest of Makkah, Ibn Hazm wrote, "The Prophet g gave security to the people (of Makkah) except for `Abdul-`Uzz Ibn Khatal, `Abdullh Ibn Sa'd Ibn Ab Sarh, [and some others]. As for Ibn Khatal ­ and he is from the clan of Taym al-Adram Ibn Ghlib (of Quraysh); he declared his Islam and was sent by the Prophet g with another man to collect zakh; he killed the man and committed riddah, rejoining the mushrikn ­ then he was found on the Day of al-Fath clinging to the drapery covering the Ka'bah, so Sa'd Ibn Hurayth alMakhzm and Ab Barzah al-Aslam killed him [by order of the Prophet g]. As for `Abdullh Ibn Sa'd Ibn Ab Sarh [al-Qurash], then he was previously a scribe for Allah's Messenger g [after having accepted Islam], but later fled back to Makkah and went into hiding [having apostatized]. `Uthmn Ibn `Affn, who was his brother through nursing, brought him to the Messenger of Allah g and sought security for him. He g remained quiet for some time, then gave him security and accepted his bay'ah. When he left, Allah's Messenger said to his companions, `Could one of you not have stood and struck his neck' [i.e. during the moment of silence]? So one of the Ansr said, `Why did you not signal (with your eyes) for one of us to do so?' He replied, `It is not for a prophet to deceive with

his eyes'" [Jawmi' as-Srah]. So here you have Ibn Khatal who, though he sought
protection in the most sanctified place on earth, was given no respite for his crime of apostasy. Likewise, the case of Ibn Ab Sarh shows that the Prophet g wanted him to be executed, as he remained silent hoping one of his companions would strike his neck; and he only gave him respite when none of them did so. There are other examples of Allah's Messenger g killing apostates, like Miqyas Ibn Subbah, so this ruling is clearly established in the Sunnah.
After the passing of the Prophet g, Arabs from various tribes fell into apostasy. The central issue was not that they returned to worshiping idols, nor that they stopped praying. In fact, most of them kept calling themselves "Muslims" and upheld most aspects of the Shar'ah. However, they resisted with force a single part of Islam, namely the pillar of paying zakh. Thus, they believed in part of the Book and disbelieved in another part. Allah said, {So do you believe in part of the Book and disbelieve in part? What then is the reward for those of you who do that except disgrace in this life, and on the Day of Resurrection they will be returned to the severest of punishment. And Allah is not unaware of what you do} [Al-Baqarah: 85]. When these Arabs vowed to not pay zakh, the khalfah of Allah's Messenger, Ab Bakr as-Siddq h vowed to fight them. Ab Hurayrah h narrated, "When Allah's Messenger g passed away, Ab Bakr was made his khalfah and some of the Arabs committed kufr. `Umar said to Ab Bakr, `How will you fight the people after Allah's Messenger g said, `I have been commanded to fight the people until they say, `L ilha illallh;' and whoever says, `L ilha illallh,' has guarded his wealth and life from me, except by due right, and his account is up to Allah.'' Ab Bakr replied, `By Allah, I will fight whoever differentiates between prayer and zakh, as zakh is the right of wealth. By Allah, if they keep an `anq [a female goat not yet one year old] from me which they used to pay to Allah's Messenger g, I will fight them over it.' `Umar said, `By Allah, I saw that Allah had prepared Ab Bakr's heart for war, so I knew it was the truth'" [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim]. Other groups of apostates among the Arabs, while still claiming to accept the prophethood of Allah's Messenger g, alleged the existence of other prophets after him, like Musaylimah, Sajh, and Tulayhah; so despite calling themselves "Muslims" and accepting most of the revelation from Allah to His Messenger, their blood became hall and killing them

10 ARTICLE

became wjib. Thus, the Hurb ar-Riddah (Wars of Apostasy) were fought and were even given precedence over fighting the mushrikn of Rome and Persia. It is also known that the kufr of apostasy is worse, by consensus, than original kufr. As such, fighting the apostates takes priority over fighting the original kfir.
Others of the Rightly-Guided Khulaf' were no less severe with murtaddn. `Ikrimah narrated that `Al Ibn Ab Tlib h burned (to death) some men who apostatized from Islam, which reached Ibn `Abbs k, who said, "If it were me, I would have killed them due to the saying of Allah's Messenger g, `Whoever changes his religion, then kill him,' but I would not burn them, due to the saying of Allah's Messenger g, `Do not punish with Allah's punishment.'"1 [Reported by al-Bukhr]. It is also reported that al-Mustawrid Ibn Qabsah left Islam, became a Christian, and was brought to `Al Ibn Ab Tlib, who said to him, "What is this I was told about you?" He said, "What is it you were told about me?" `Al replied, "I was told that you became a Christian." Al-Mustawrid said, "I am upon the religion of al-Mash," to which `Al said, "And I am
1 That is, to punish a person by burning is in general not allowed. However, punishing a criminal who burned others is a matter of qiss [retaliation], which is permitted by the Shar'ah. The Salaf also burned apostates whose apostasy was severe as a deterrent for others. For further explanation, see Dbiq, issue 7, "The Burning of the Murtadd Pilot."

upon the religion of al-Mash. What do you say about him?" Al-Mustawrid said, "Al-Mash is my Lord." `Al then ordered those present to stomp on him, which they did until he died [Reported by ad-Draqutn]. Another man, a Christian who accepted Islam and then apostatized, was brought to `Al Ibn Ab Tlib, who then ordered the apostate's neck be struck [Reported by `Abdur-Razzq as-San'n].
The death penalty for apostates did not end with the khulaf' from the Sahbah. Consider al-Husayn Ibn Mansr, famously known as al-Hallj, who adopted extreme deviations that led him to proclaim his own divinity. In 309AH, the `Abbs Khalfah al-Muqtadir ordered him arrested, imprisoned, beaten, tortured, dismembered, and beheaded. His body was burned to ash, which was then cast into the river Dijlah, and his head was posted on Baghdad Bridge for all to see.
In 406AH, the Ash'ar teacher Ibn Frak met his end for declaring that the Messenger of Allah g ceased being a messenger at his death, and that his soul became void and vanished; thus negating half of the shahdah. Likely to avoid public outcry by the increasingly ignorant masses who did not understand the depth of Ibn Frak's deviance, the emir Mahmd Ibn Subuktikn poisoned him to death as he journeyed from Ghaznah back to his home in Naysbr.

Mushrik Sfs in the West

11

Mentioning those who denied the eternal status of the Prophet's rislah, Ibn Hazm said, "Over this issue, the emir Mahmd Ibn Subuktikn, the mawl of AmrulMu'minn and chief of Khursn r, killed Ibn Frak, the shaykh of the Ash'ariyyah. May Allah generously reward Mahmd for that, and may He curse Ibn Frak and his supporters and followers" [Al-Fisal].
After the fall of the Khilfah hundreds of years ago, the Shar'ah was no longer applied in its completeness. Aspects of kufr crept into Muslim lands by way of Sf and Rfid infiltration. Grave-worship became widespread and the authority of Allah was challenged by Turkish, Persian, and even Arab kings. People like the Sfs Ibn `Arab, who pantheistically claimed that Allah is everything and that everything is Allah, and Ibn Sab'n, who criticized Allah's Messenger g for saying, "There is no prophet after me" [Reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim from Ab Hurayrah], were left untouched by the rulers of Muslim lands, while genuine scholars of Islam ­ like Ibn Taymiyyah and Ibn al-Burhn2 ­ were imprisoned for defending the religion. Even later, those who called for a full return to Islamic rule and a pure creed were labeled "Khawrij" and fought by so-called "Muslim" leaders. The penalty for apostasy was thus left unapplied in many cases, until the revival of the Khilfah by the grace of Allah, then through the efforts of the Islamic State.
Murtaddn in the West
When powered by a sound `aqdah, and thus with Allah as their only ally and protector, the Muslim Ummah achieved feats of which no other nation could have ever dreamed. By the time of the death of Allah's Messenger g, the tribes of Arabia were almost completely united with all traces of idolatry in the region virtually erased, a phenomenon unknown to historians before that time. Within decades, the impoverished and malnourished few thousand herders, date palm farmers, and trading travelers ­ the greatest, most knowledgeable, and most pious generations of the Ummah ­ plowed through the Roman and Persian empires to become literal masters of lands and people from the Iberian Peninsula to the Himalayas. The driving force was not wealth; nor the establishment of personal or tribal power; it had nothing to do
2 Ibn al-Burhn was a scholar who was born in 754AH and died in 808AH, who became famous for his opposition to Mamlk rule, insisting on installing a Qurash imm.

The murtadd Hamza Yusuf
with the world that was to be conquered. Instead, it was the khirah ­ the life yet lived ­ that pushed the Muslims to their limits in order to please their Lord, the Creator, the Master of the Universe; for the life of this world, even at the height of its splendor and pleasantries, will always be the believer's prison.
While the Crusaders have been the most apparent adversary of the Muslims for the past thousand years, one must never forget the original enemy of Islam and its nation. Shaytn, through his cunning and experience with kufr, has always tried to infiltrate the Ummah. By his whispers and insinuations, he backed the Murji'ah, the Qadariyyah, the Rfidah, and the Sfiyyah. Recall that it was Ibls who, even after his fall, accepted that Allah is his Creator, his Lord, the One who extends life and postpones death, even believing in the Day of Resurrection, and in the might of Allah and the obligation of sincerely worshiping Him Alone; and he never called himself a Jew or a Christian. Allah described Ibls as saying, {"You created me from fire and You created him from clay"} [Al-A'rf: 12], and, {He said, "My Lord! Then give me respite until the day they are resurrected"} [Sd: 79], and, {He said, "Then by Your Might, I shall tempt them all, except Your sincere worshipers among them"} [Sd:

12 ARTICLE

The murtadd Suhaib Webb
82-83]. Despite all of this acceptance, he disbelieved when he rejected a single commandment of his Lord. He learned all too well that to misguide Muslims, he need not make them change their names or reject the religion as a whole ­ a single ruling is sufficient ­ and only the sincere worshipers among them, those who submit completely to Allah, would be safe.
Having allied with Shaytn, the crusader nations have also learned this trick. And they found no better way to achieve this goal than through infiltrating the Ummah by using the hypocrites and murtaddn to
The murtadd Hisham Kabbani with the tght Charles

their advantage, to use them against actual Muslims to alter their beliefs and aspirations for the khirah. By causing them to fall into kufr, even by rejecting a single commandment of Allah, they have ensured that these former Muslims leave the alliance with their Lord and stumble into the ranks of Shaytn and his troops. As such, the Ummah is weakened and its enemies are reinforced.
This past century saw a surge in migrations from historically Muslim-majority lands to mushrik-majority countries, especially in the West. Instead of seeking Allah's pleasure by waging defensive jihd in their own lands against the nearer apostate enemies, the immigrants sought comfort in this worldly life by residing peacefully in the lands of Islam's oldest enemies. As a result of their negligence towards their obligations and their exposure to Western kufr, their identity was altered. Their children learned the values and beliefs of their new homelands. The kufr of liberalism and democracy was instilled and a new breed of "scholars" was born, becoming a major part of the West's very own imms of kufr. Feeding off the centuries-old divisions of the Ummah, these venomous imms have maintained their disunity over Islam while uniting upon Western interests. They are found spouting Sf and "Salaf" slogans, calling to their madhhib and "`ulam'," yet reinterpreting anything the scholars that even they recognize said about the concepts of tawhd, jihd, wal', and bar' to make them compatible with Western ideology. Though their kufr was apparent to those who recognized it years ago, they became even more ardent and blatant defenders of the crusaders after the Khilfah was reestablished, uniting with their cross-bearing allies in the global war against the Islamic State, the only true bastion of Shar'ah rule on earth. Of the Sf so-called "mainstream," and perhaps the pinnacle of apostasy in Americanist Islam, is Hamza Yusuf. Using his credentials as a veteran "student of knowledge" who traveled throughout West Africa and the Middle East, studying under various Sf-taqld teachers, he has established himself a following, filling heads with opinions based on half-truths and false interpretations and using semantic oratory more akin to sorcery through wordy "eloquence" than actual tradi-

13

tional education (as he claims to endorse). It is as Allah's Messenger g said, "Verily from eloquence comes sorcery" [Reported by al-Bukhr from Ibn `Umar and Muslim from `Ammr Ibn Ysir], i.e. an orator may sound intelligent when he is really misguiding people with his fancy use of words.
Praising the constitution of the United States and
Slogans of apostasy
its protection of "freedoms," Hamza Yusuf recently said, "I believe in American exceptionalism," which is basically the concept that the US is a superior nation and should lead the world by its example. It is not surprising then that he was invited to the White House after the September 11th attacks, becoming an advisor to Bush on the war against Muslims, thus becoming a crusader himself. Allah c said, {O you who believe! Do not take the Jews and the Christians as awliy'; they are awliy' to one another. And whoever of you takes them as awliy', then he is of them} [Al-M'idah: 51]. At-Tabar commented on this yah, saying, "It means that whoever allies with the Jews and the Christians instead of the believers, then he is one of them. So whoever allies with them and sup-

ports them against the believers, he is actually from their religion and their community" [At-Tafsr].
On perhaps the other end of the "Sf mainstream" spectrum, there is the joke of al-Azhar, Suhaib Webb ­ also called "Imm Will" ­ who has spent his career making a name for and a fool of himself as the all-American imm. Adopting a Southern inner-city
accent sprinkled with thug life vocabulary and the latest pop culture references when addressing young crowds, he is quick to switch to an ordinary voice when speaking to CNN and other media outlets. A clown in most senses of the word, he has surprisingly gathered a following and is seen by many crusader supporters as an important tool for taming Muslim youth in the West.
Responding to the tght Barack Obama wishing Muslims a blessed Ramadn, Suhaib Webb tweeted, "Obama makes me proud. Thank you, Mr. President." Does this "imm" truly feel honored through his kfir leader? Does he not know that Allah said, {Inform the hypocrites that theirs is a painful torment; those who take the disbelievers as allies instead of the believers. Do they seek honor with them? For verily all honor belongs to Allah} [An-Nis': 138-139]? Knowing this and that he admires the secularist US Constitution and does not oppose sodomite marriage, it should be easy to grasp that he is nothing but another murtadd imm of kufr. The Syrian Sf and ally to the United Kingdom, Muhammad al-Yaqoubi, said in an interview, "No Islamic government is in a state of war with the UK; they all have diplomatic relations," considering the UN-member states whose murtadd regimes claim to be "Islamic," even though they are wrought with laws based on kufr and support the crusaders against the Muslims. He continued, "Therefore, any attack

14 ARTICLE

against UK citizens or interests would be deemed as lah. And those who horde gold and silver and do not

un-Islamic and illegal in the Shari'a," so any attack spend it for the cause of Allah, then inform them of a

against the interests of the tght government ­ and painful torment} [At-Tawbah: 34].

what interest of theirs is greater than spreading their On the "Salaf" side, and no less dangerous, there

kufr ­ is un-Islamic and illegal according to al-Yaqou- are also a number of callers to the gates of Jahannam.

bi. He prefaced these statements by saying, "Animos- Not very different from their Sf counterparts, these

ity against a state cannot be declared by individuals evil scholars take and twist the statements of the early

or groups." Animosity, which basically means enmity `ulam' ­ let alone yt and ahdth ­ to fit their apos-

(`adwah) and hatred (baghd'), is the foundation of tatical version of the religion. Often quoting Ibn Tay-

a Muslim's policy with all disbelievers. Allah said, {In- miyyah, Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyyah, and even ­ though

deed you have a good example in Ibrhm and those lately less often ­ Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb,

with him, when they said to their people, "Verily we they hypocritically project themselves as firm follow-

are innocent of you and what you worship other than ers upon the way of the Salaf.

Allah. We reject you and there has come between us In reference to those apostates who support dis-

and you enmity and hatred forever, until you believe believers against Muslims, Ibn Taymiyyah said, "The

in Allah alone"} [Al-Mumtahanah: 4]. Ibrhm and Muslim who made apostasy regarding only a few rules

those with him, i.e. an individual and his group, de- of the religion is worse than a kfir who has yet to even

clared their hatred and enmity, i.e. their animosity, to embrace those rules. It is like those who refused to pay

their people, which consisted of the governing elders zakh and others whom as-Siddq fought. It makes

of their community, i.e. a state. That is a good exam- no difference whether such a person is a student of

ple for Muslims, not the deceptions of al-Yaqoubi. fiqh, an adherent of Sufism, a businessman, a scribe,

Other Sf leaders in the West are no different, or otherwise. All of them would still be worse than the

if not worse in some respects; like Hisham Kabbani, Turkic tribes3 who have yet to enter the religion and

the founder of the Naqshbandi-Haqqani Sufi Order continue to attack Islam. Actually, Muslims find more

of America, who carries the teachings of his dead harm from the [apostate] people than from those

master Nazim al-Haqqani, an extreme Jahm Mur-

ji', meaning he has no actual recognition of kufr or 3 In the time and place of Ibn Taymiyyah, the main enemy to

of making bar' from the

the Muslims were from tribes of Turkic origin.

kuffr. Instead, he and his

minions are quick to ally with any tght who will

The murtadd Yasir Qadhi

allow them to spread their

message and take the wealth

of ignorant people to pay

off their extravagance. He

wrote a 20-odd page "fatw"

about the meaning of jihd,

which was translated into

Arabic and distributed by

US troops to civilians in

Iraq in order to sway them

from fighting for the cause

of Allah. The likes of Kab-

bani are clearly described by

Allah in His saying, {O you

who believe! Verily many of

the scribes and ascetics do

consume the wealth of the

people for falsehood, avert-

ing from the cause of Al-

15

who, when they do convert, submit to

Islam and its laws, being more obedient

to Allah and His Messenger than those

who turned away from a part of the re-

ligion, while remaining hypocrites in

another part, even if they claim to have

knowledge and to be religious" [Majm'

al-Fatw].

Ibn al-Qayyim said, "Allah has

ruled ­ and nothing is better than His

rule ­ that whoever takes the Jews and

the Christians as awliy', then he is one

of them. {And whoever of you takes

them as awliy', then he is of them} [Al-

M'idah: 51]. So if they are their awliy'

according to the text of the Qur'n, then

The apostates Bilal Philips and Pierre Vogel

they have the same general ruling. The

only difference is that whoever takes them as awliy' Patriotic, Shariah Practicing American." Like other

and enters their religion after adhering to Islam, then writings and speeches, Yasir emphasizes his love for

he is not left alone and the jizyah is not accepted from the United States and his disavowal of anything and

him. Rather, he must choose between Islam and the anyone who is against American ideals. He says, "The

sword, as he is a murtadd textually and by consensus" Constitution of my homeland ­ the United States of

[Ahkm Ahlidh-Dhimmah].

America ­ mandates the separation of church and

Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb said, "Know that state. My fellow American Muslims and I understand,

the evidences for making takfr of the seemingly up- appreciate and fully support that mandate." He clos-

right Muslim who commits shirk or sides with the es, pleading to US lawmakers, asking, "that we be al-

mushrikn against the muwahhidn, even if he does lowed to live under the laws of the land." Allah c

not commit shirk, are too numerous to mention, as said, {Is it the law of jhiliyyah they want? And who is

found in the speech of Allah, the speech of His Mes- better than Allah in judgment for a people of certain-

senger, and the speech of all people of knowledge" ty?} [Al-M'idah: 50].

[Ad-Durar As-Saniyyah].

His Saudi-ally friend and colleague, Waleed

Australia's Tawfique Chowdhury is a prime ex- Basyouni, has declared traveling to Syria to fight for

ample of the new "Salaf"-crusader trend. In late the cause of Allah as impermissible, thus making

1429AH, he delivered a speech entitled, "Muslim harm what Allah deemed wjib (obligatory). Jamai-

Scholars: West's Natural Allies in Fighting Scourge of can ally to Canada, Bilal Philips, has ­ like the rest of

Terrorism." Aside from the blatant reference to taking the apostates mentioned herein ­ twisted and altered

the West (i.e. the crusaders) as allies against terrorists the meanings of the clear yt and ahdth to call Mus-

(i.e. Muslims), Tawfique proudly admitted that the lims away from jihd, claiming any group that fights

speech was delivered to no other than a gathering of against the tawght and crusaders to be "Khawrij."

Britain's "top anti-terrorism chiefs and prevention of He insists instead that Muslims use already in-place

extremism experts." Allah said, {Believers must not tght government institutions to seek "Islamic"

take disbelievers as allies against believers, and who- change. Another Canadian, Abdullah Hakim Quick

ever does that has nothing at all to do with Allah} [l has defended his nation and expressed his remorse for

`Imrn: 28]. At-Tabar explained that this means, "He the Canadian soldiers killed by Muslims.

is innocent of Allah and Allah is innocent of him, due All of the above have focused their alliance with

to his apostasy and entering into kufr."

the tawght on the war against the Islamic State.

Yasir Qadhi, the "Salaf"-turned-"Revivalist" Knowing that any success in toppling the Islamic

spokesman for Western society who has called upon State undoubtedly results in the Shar'ah being sup-

his followers to cooperate with kfir law enforcement planted and replaced by laws of kufr, fighting against

officers, published an article he called, "A Proud, the Islamic State is tantamount to kufr itself ­ as even

16 ARTICLE

the bught4 are nowhere to be found. What then of someone who allies with the kuffr to attack the only true Muslim government on earth? It is established that the one who supports a murderer to kill his victim is held equally responsible for the crime. It is like Ibn Taymiyyah said, "If the Salaf would call those who refused to pay zakh apostates, while they fasted and prayed and did not fight against the Muslim body, then how about one who joins the enemies of Allah and His Messenger in killing the Muslims?!" [Majm' al-Fatw].
Then there are the claimants to the "Salaf-Jihd" methodology, among whom is London-based Ab Basr at-Tarts. At the Islamic State announcement of expansion to Shm, and the subsequent betrayal of Jawln, an insight on the actual methodology of Ab Basr became clear. In response to the announcement, one of his major complaints of its consequences was that after all the sacrifice the Syrians made in their very own "revolution," an Iraqi would lead the Syrian people. Other than his nationalism and ignoring the rule of the Iraqi `Abbs Khilfah for centuries in Shm, he had also made a call to stop fighting the murtaddn in Yemen to preserve the nationalist revolution, and called on mujhidn in Libya to hand over their arms to the new tght government which he considered legitimate. He even supported voting in the shirk presidential elections of Egypt!
Lastly, one must not overlook the overt crusaders, those who don't even wear the cloak of da'wah, but instead directly involve themselves in politics and enforcing the laws of kufr, like (in the US) Mohamed Elibiary, Arif Alikhan, Rashad Hussain, Keith Ellison, Huma Abedin, etc. and (in the UK) Muhammad Abdul Bari, Sayeeda Warsi, Waqar Azmi, Sajid Javid, Ajmal Masroor, and other politically active apostates.
Conclusion
How can Muslims living in the West who claim to have surrendered themselves to Allah, completely accepting His rule alone, stand idly as these imms of kufr continue to spread their poison from atop their pulpits? How can these imms of kufr remain under the protection of Allah's enemies, while His sol-
4 Bught are Muslims who fight against the legitimate Muslim authority. If they however support the original kuffr or the apostates against the Muslims or resist implementation of the laws of the Shar'ah, they are not bught but rather apostates, as was the case of the so-called "Islamic" factions in Shm.

diers can walk easily amongst them? How, when Allah c said, {And if they break their oaths after their covenant and defame your religion, then fight the imms of kufr! Indeed, they shall have no oaths [of safety], that they might stop} [At-Tawbah: 12].
How, knowing that the apostates have joined the party of Shaytn, fighting ­ even if by their words ­ for the cause of tght? This does not harm the party of Allah in any way; in fact, the sunnah of Allah is that through this apostasy, He shall bring forth men whom He loves and who love Him to fight for His cause. He said, {O you who believe! Whoever of you apostatizes from his religion, then Allah shall bring forth men whom He loves and who love Him, humble to the believers, mighty against the disbelievers, waging jihd for the cause of Allah and not fearing the blame of any blamer} [Al-M'idah: 54]. And just as Allah said, {O, verily the party of Shaytn, they are the losers} [Al-Mujdilah: 19], He also said, {O, verily the party of Allah, they are the winners} [Al-Mujdilah: 22].
The two camps have continuously become more distinct. Those who support the word of kufr on one side and the supporters of Allah's word on the other. In this clouded time, each Muslim must be careful and be sure to be in the right camp. It is truly a grace from Allah upon this ummah that He gave us clear guidance as to where we can find the camp of truth. He said, {The believers are only those who believe in Allah and His Messenger and then they do not doubt, and they wage jihd with their wealth and their selves for the cause of Allah; these, they are the truthful} [Al-Hujurt: 15]. And He ordered, {O you who believe! Fear Allah and be with the truthful} [At-Tawbah: 119].
So one must take his eyes off those who sit back from waging jihd for the cause of Allah, which means for the establishment of Allah's rule on earth, and look to those who fulfill the words of Allah, {Those who, if we situate them firmly in the land, they establish the prayer, give the zakh, command virtue, and forbid vice; and to Allah belongs the end of all affairs} [AlHajj: 41]. One must either take the journey to dr al-Islm, joining the ranks of the mujhidn therein, or wage jihd by himself with the resources available to him (knives, guns, explosives, etc.) to kill the crusaders and other disbelievers and apostates, including the imms of kufr, to make an example of them, as all of them are valid ­ rather, obligatory ­ targets according to the Shar'ah, except for those who openly repent from kufr before they are apprehended.

17

{And if We had decreed upon them, "Kill yourselves" or "Leave your homes," they would not have done it, except for a few of them. But if they had done what they were instructed, it would have been better for them and a firmer position [for them in faith]. And then We would have given them from Us a great reward. And We would have guided them to
a straight path.} [An-Nis': 66-68]

In this section of Srat an-Nis', after exposing the hypocrites and their desire to refer judgment to the tght rather than to Allah's Book and His Messenger, Allah c states that if He had commanded them to kill themselves as atonement for associating partners with Allah in judgment ­ just as He had commanded the people of Ms (n) to kill one another as atonement for associating partners with Allah when they worshiped the calf ­ the hypocrites would not have done so except for a few of them. In his tafsr of the statement of Allah {And if We had decreed upon them, "Kill yourselves" or "Leave your homes," they would not have done it, except for a few of them}, Imm at-Tabar r paraphrases the meaning, saying, "And if We had obligated upon these ones who claim that they have believed in what has been revealed to you ­ those who refer judgment to the tght ­ that they must kill themselves, and had ordered them to do that, or that they must leave their lands, emigrating therefrom to another land, they would not have done so. He is saying: They would not have killed themselves by their hands nor would they have made hijrah from their lands, depart-

ing from them to Allah and His Messenger out of obedience to Allah and His Messenger, except for a few of them."
At-Tabar then reports that Mujhid r ­ one of the prominent mufassirn among the Tbi'n ­ said that if they had been commanded to kill themselves "just as the companions of Ms were commanded to kill one another with daggers, they would not have done so except for a few of them."1
1 This is in reference to the statement of Allah, {And [recall] when Ms said to his people, "O my people, indeed you have wronged yourselves by your taking of the calf [for worship]. So repent to your Creator and kill yourselves. That is best for [all of ] you in the sight of your Creator." Then He accepted your repentance; indeed, He is the Accepting of repentance, the Merciful} [Al-Baqarah: 54]. Ibn `Abbs k narrated that Ms n conveyed to his people Allah's command that they must kill themselves, so those of them who had worshiped the calf sat down, and those who did not worship the calf took up daggers in their hands. An intense darkness then engulfed them and they began killing one another. The darkness then cleared away and they found that 70,000 had been killed. Every one of those who had been killed was forgiven, and every one of those who remained was forgiven [At-Tabar].

At-Tabar also reports that as-Sudd r ­ another prominent mufassir from among the Tbi'n ­ said, "Thbit Ibn Qays Ibn Shamms h and a man from the Jews boasted [to one another]. The Jew said, `By Allah, indeed Allah decreed upon us saying, `Kill yourselves,' so we killed ourselves!' So Thbit said, `By Allah, if the statement `Kill yourselves' were decreed upon us we would have killed ourselves!'" According to another athar mentioned by at-Tabar, when such speech reached the Prophet g he said, "Indeed, from my Ummah are men with mn planted more firmly in their hearts than the deep-rooted mountains."
The lessons contained in this yah are monumental. The yah contains a subtle comparison between shirk in judgment, which has become so widespread today among those who claim to follow the Prophet Muhammad g, and between shirk in rites, which became widespread among those who claimed to follow the Prophet Ms n when they suddenly took up the worship of the golden calf. Allah c is teaching the Muslims that referring judgment to the tawght is no less severe in shirk than to worship an idol; thus, there is no difference between

18 ARTICLE

the pro-democracy "Islamist" parties who refer legislation to several dozen or several hundred elected officials ("legislators") and between the pagan Hindus who direct worship to countless idols. Yet, out of Allah's mercy, He did not impose upon our Ummah such a difficult act of atonement for shirk as He did for Ban Isr'l, but instead only requires that those who fall into shirk abandon the act of shirk they committed and repent sincerely.
Furthermore, by stating that only a few of the hypocrites would obey Him if He were to command them to kill themselves or to perform hijrah, Allah is exposing the nature of the hypocrites who merely pay lip service to the religion without actually having obedience to their Lord. As such, if they were to be faced with commands that entail a tremendous level of difficulty and sacrifice, they would make excuses for themselves rather than follow the clear revelation. This reinforces the point that the true slave of Allah is one who neither questions the wisdom in His commands nor hesitates to carry them out, regardless of how difficult they may appear. It's important to note that many of those who claim to follow Allah and His Messenger find it difficult to perform deeds ­ whether hijrah or otherwise ­ purely out of obedience to Allah and His Messenger. They claim that they must know the wisdom related to the deed ­ and undoubtedly there is wisdom in all Allah's decrees ­ but if they can't see it, or if they believe that this wisdom no longer applies to the modern era or to their society, they neglect the deed, discourage and mock those who perform it, and even wage war against the Book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger, all the while still claiming to be Muslims!
Those who do this are of varying levels. There are those who are more blatant in this regard and have no shame in declaring that the Shar'ah is "barbaric," or is inapplicable in our times, and there are those who are more discreet, including many

who reside in the lands of kufr, refuse to perform hijrah, and make all manner of excuses in order to avoid such a lofty obligation. This, however, is not surprising when one considers that the sacrifice and difficulty entailed in making hijrah is so great that Allah c mentioned it in the above yah alongside the order to kill oneself! Even the Prophets p were not exempt from the difficulty involved in making hijrah, including the best of mankind g, who made hijrah to a city whose population included some treacherous Jews and hypocrites and was surrounded by hostile Bedouin tribes after first leaving the protection of his own tribe and relatives, facing an assassination attempt, and seeking shelter in a cave for a number of days. Performing hijrah is often a serious test of one's mn and tawakkul, and as such, it requires a believer to prepare himself by ensuring that he is ready to carry out the commands of Allah with nothing more than a simple order, even if he doesn't understand the whole wisdom behind it. Allah c says, {But perhaps you hate a thing and it is good for you; and perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you. And Allah Knows, while you know not} [Al-Baqarah: 216].
Also, one can take from the aforementioned narration of Thbit Ibn Qays that a believer must demonstrate confidence in his willingness to obey Allah and His Messenger in the most difficult of circumstances and not second-guess himself, even when facing a hypothetical scenario. Doing so does not constitute tazkiyat an-nafs (self-promotion) when accompanied with a correct intention, such as for the purpose of displaying honor and strength in front of the kuffr, as was done by Thbit h in front of the Jew, or for the purpose of inciting oneself towards the obedience of Allah

and His Messenger, and this is of even greater significance, for in the aforementioned yt, Allah c says, {And whoever obeys Allah and the Messenger ­ those will be with the ones upon whom Allah has bestowed favor} [An-Nis': 69], and in the yt preceding this, Allah c says, {And We did not send any messenger except to be obeyed by permission of Allah} [An-Nis': 64]. So the believer must be conscious of his level of obedience to Allah and His Messenger, and incite himself in that regard.
Concerning the words of Allah, {But if they had done what they were instructed, it would have been better for them and a firmer position [for them in faith]} [AnNis': 66], at-Tabar mentions that as-Sudd explained "a firmer position" to mean "a stronger tasdq (affirmation of the truth)." This is appropriate, for indeed one can affirm the truth of Islam with his words, but if this is not backed by lofty deeds such as hijrah then it is often merely lip service, as mentioned earlier concerning the hypocrites. As such, Allah is teaching us that by performing the deeds we've been instructed to do ­ particularly the difficult ones that require a greater level of obedience and sacrifice ­ the Muslim lends more strength to his claim that he is a believer. As a result, Allah c grants him two tremendous favors, as mentioned in the two subsequent yt: {And then We would have given them from Us a great reward. And We would have guided them to a straight path} [AnNis': 67-68].
May Allah make us from among those who do not shy away from performing difficult deeds that bring us guidance and adherence to the straight path in the Duny followed by tremendous rewards in the Hereafter.

19

As the soldiers of the Khilfah continue waging war on the forces of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations conducted by the mujhidn of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expanding the territory of the Khilfah, or terrorizing, massacring, and humiliating the enemies of Allah. These operations are merely a selection of the numerous operations that the Islamic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last several weeks.

at the checkpoint, including an officer, and then returned safely back to their locations.
Wilyat al-Anbr ­ On the 16th of Rab' al-khir, six in-
Egypt

fighters for several hours before detonating their explosive belts. The inghims attack was followed by the mujhidn bombarding the murtaddn with 50 Katyusha rockets and dozens of mortar

Egypt ­ On the 10th of Rab' al-khir, Islamic State covert units blew up a house rigged with explosives when it was stormed by a number of murtadd Egyptian policemen and their commanding officers on al-Haram Street in Giza, killing 10 of them ­ including officers ­ and injuring 20 more, including Muhammad Amn, the chief of the investigations division for al-Haram. Just 11 days later, two soldiers of the Khilfah set out towards a security checkpoint belonging to the murtadd Egyptian police in the region of alMunb in Giza. They succeeded in eliminating five of the personnel

ghims soldiers of the Khilfah armed with light weapons and explosive belts stealthily advanced towards the `Ayn al-Asad airbase's housing complex in the district of al-Baghdd in the western part of al-Anbr. They entered the complex and spread out, and clashed with Safaw soldiers and sahwah

rounds. The operation succeeded in killing and wounding a large number of Safaw soldiers and officers, the most prominent of them being the murtadd, Lieutenant Colonel Bsim Shkir, who was the chief of police in al-Baghdd, and the murtadd sahwah leader, Lieutenant Co-

20 OPERATIONS

lonel Mashkr al-Jughayf, in addition to one of the leaders of the sahwah groups. Among those wounded was the murtadd, Shu'ayb al-`Ubayd, commander of the so-called Suqr al-`Ubayd Regiment. May Allah accept our inghims brothers among the shuhad'.

Wilyat `Adan Abyan ­ On the 17th of Rab' al-khir, the istishhd Ab Hanfah al-Holand detonated his explosive vehicle on the Ma'shq Presidential Palace, which is the residential base of the tght of Yemen, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. The brother killed nearly 10 of the tght's guards, including some officers, and injured approximately 20 more. May Allah accept him among the shuhad'.
Wilyat Sayn' ­ On the 17th of Rab' al-khir, during the course of the campaign dubbed "Hunting the Murtaddn," the soldiers of the Khilfah detonated two large explosive devices on a murtadd Egyptian Army convoy west of al-`Arsh, destroying two of their armored vehicles and killing and injuring around 20 of their personnel, including a number
Dimashq

Hims
of high-ranking officers, among whom was the murtadd criminal Ahmad `Abd an-Nab, the chief of operations in the 101st Battalion of the border guard. The mujhidn also destroyed two of their armored vehicles.
Wilyat Dimashq ­ On the 20th of Rab' al-khir, the soldiers of the Khilfah carried out two istishhd operations targeting the gatherings of the mushrik Rfidah at K' as-Sdn in the region of as-Sayyidah Zaynab in the southern part of Dimashq. The operations resulted in approximately 50 murtaddn being killed and nearly 120 others being

wounded. Just 9 days later, our brother Ab `Abdir-Rahmn ashShm carried out an istishhd operation with an explosive vehicle targeting the center of the Nusayr officers base called the "Policemen's Club," which is located in Maskin Barzah in the city of Dimashq. He detonated his vehicle on them, killing approximately 20 of them and wounding 40 others. Less than two weeks later, two istishhd operations were carried out on at-Tn Street and al-Ftimiyyah Street in the area of as-Sayyidah Zaynab in Dimashq, which is considered a Rfid and Nusayr stronghold. They succeeded in killing more than 90 and wounding approximately 160 more. May Allah accept our istishhd brothers among the shuhad'.

Wilyat al-Hijz ­ On the 6th of Jumd al-l, an Islamic State covert unit succeeded in eliminating the murtadd, Brigadier General Ahmad Fyi' `Usayr, who worked as an official for coordinating the l Sall forces operating outside the Arabian Peninsula. He was targeted and killed with a silenced handgun at his farm in the area of Ab `Arsh in Jzn.

21

Hamh
Wilyat Hims ­ On the 12th of Jumd al-l, two istishhd operations were carried out targeting Nusayr murtaddn on 60 Street in the neighborhood of azZahr' in the city of Hims. The two istishhd soldiers detonated their vehicles in the midst of the murtaddn, killing and wounding dozens of them. May Allah accept our brothers among the shuhad'.
Bengal ­ On the 12th of Jumd al-l, the soldiers of the Khilfah succeeded in eliminating the priest Jogeshwar Roy, founder and director of the Sant Gauri monastery for Hindu mushrikn. One of his devotees was also wounded when the two of them were targeted with light weapons in the area of Panchagarh in northern Bangladesh. This came just two weeks after another attack by the soldiers of the Khilfah in which they succeeded in killing a Hindu businessman named Tarun Datta. The mujhidn in Bengal then resumed their terrorism of the Rfid mushrikn in the region. On the 4th of Jumd al-l, they succeeded in eliminating the Rfid mushrik, Hfidh `Abdur-Razzq, who was one of the most prominent callers to the Rfid religion in South Bengal,

and who worked as a physician in the Khomeini Medical Center. He was stabbed to death with a knife in the area of Jhenaidah and his killers returned safely back to base.
Wilyat Hamh ­ On the 14th of Jumd al-l, the soldiers of the Khilfah launched an extensive attack from various directions on a number of locations and gathering points of the Nusayr regime and its militias along its only supply route to the city of Halab and its countryside, which passes through the areas of Athriy, Khansir, and as-Safrah. The mujhidn captured 8 villages north of Khansir following fierce
Murtaddn in Baghdad

clashes with various types of light and heavy weapons. They continued cutting off the Nusayr supply route for several days, even as the regime repeatedly summoned convoys backed by Rfid militias and supported with heavy air cover from Russian warplanes. The soldiers of the Khilfah killed and injured hundreds of murtaddn and captured a number of tanks, antitank missiles, mortar cannons, shilkas, light and medium weapons, and a supply of ammo as ghanmah during the course of several days of fighting, in addition to capturing a number of other areas in the region.
Wilyat ar-Raqqah ­ On the 19th of Jumd al-l, the soldiers of the Khilfah launched a wide scale attack on PKK locations in the northern countryside of the city of ar-Raqqah as part of the campaign dubbed "Their Assembly Will Be Defeated and They Will Turn Their Backs in Retreat." The attack began with a number of inghimsiyyn stealthily advancing to the area of Sulk and the city of Tall Abyad. Fierce clashes with the murtaddn took place during the course of which crusader coalition warplanes launched several airstrikes on both areas,

22 OPERATIONS

destroying several homes. Two istishhd operations were carried out striking the murtaddn in the village of al-Mabrkah located on the road between Sulk and Ra's al-`Ayn. Coinciding with the battles in Tall Abyad and Sulk, the soldiers of the Khilfah, by Allah's grace, took control of the villages of Umm al-Barml, alMas'diyyah, Hammm at-Turkmn, and al-Hamd after the murtaddn fled. Battles continue to take place, and we ask Allah for victory and consolidation.
Wilyat Baghdad ­ On the 19th of Jumd al-l, the soldiers of the Khilfah conducted a wide scale assault on the district of Ab Ghurayb west of Baghdad. They succeeded in killing more than 50 Safaw soldiers and Rfid Mobilization fighters, forcing the murtaddn to withdraw from several locations. This coincided with two istishhd operations that were carried out in the Rfid stronghold of Sadr City. The first

was carried out by our brother Ab Qudmah al-Ansr, who detonated his explosive belt in the midst of the Rfid mushrikn, killing and wounding dozens of them. Our brother Ab Dharr al-Ansr then followed, detonating his explosive belt in order to finish off those who remained alive. The two operations resulted in the killing and wounding of approximately 100 Rfidah. May Allah accept our brothers among the shuhad'.
Wilyat Dayl ­ On the 20th of Jumd al-l, our istishhd brother Ab Ayyb al-Badr succeeded in reaching a group of Rfid Mobilization fighters in the Filistn neighborhood in the middle of al-Miqddiyyah where he charged into their midst and detonated his explosive belt. The operation resulted in 60 Rfid Mobilization fighters being killed and approximately 100 more being wounded, including some of their leaders. The most

prominent of these murtadd leaders were `Al Hamd at-Tamm, leader of the so-called "`As'ib Ahlil-Haq" militia in Dayl, as well as Mustaf at-Tamm, `Aql Qazlajah, and Diy' Ghazal atTamm. May Allah accept our brother among the shuhad'.
Wilyat al-Furt ­ On the 21st of Jumd al-l, our inghims brothers Ab Zahr' ash-Shm and Ab `Uthmn ash-Shm stealthily advanced towards and attacked a base belonging to the river police near the Hadthah Dam. A number of Safaw army senior officers and commanders were present at the base where fierce clashes took place with light weapons and hand grenades. Following the clashes, the two inghimsiyyn detonated their explosive belts in the midst of the murtaddn, killing a number of the officers and commanders. Those killed included Brigadier General `Al `Abbd, chief of staff for al-Jazrah operations, `Umar

Karkk

23

to advance towards Islamic State ribt positions in the area.

Ghanmah in Hims
Majbal Rajab an-Nimrw, head of the river police, Ahmad Mahd Slih, a captain in the Safaw army, and Brigadier General Farhn Ibrhm, commander of the support detachment. May Allah accept our inghims brothers among the shuhad'.
Wilyat Karkk ­ On the 6th of Jumd al-khirah, the soldiers of the Khilfah downed an American Cessna 208 Caravan military plane used by the Safaw army after targeting it with surface-to-air weapons and 57mm cannons during one of its runs to bombard Muslims in al-Hawjah.

Wilyat Hims - On the 7th of Jumd al-khirah, the soldiers of the Khilfah succeeded, by Allah's grace, in killing 5 Russian soldiers, 6 Nusayr soldiers, and a number of Rfid Hizb al-Lt fighters during the course of battles that took place near the city of Tadmur in which they attempted to advance on Islamic State positions. The mujhidn confronted them and succeeded in destroying one of their tanks, and the murtaddn retreated in defeat. Meanwhile, a Russian military advisor was killed in the area of ad-Dawwah in addition to a number of militia fighters as they attempted

Belgium ­ On the 12th of Jumd al-khirah, an Islamic State security unit set out to target crusader Belgium, which continues to wage war against the Islamic State. Allah granted success to our brothers, casting terror and fear into the hearts of the crusaders in their very stronghold, with a number of the Khilfah's soldiers armed with explosive belts, explosive devices, and automatic weapons targeting selected locations in the Belgian capital of Brussels. They entered into Brussels Airport as well as a metro station and killed a number of crusaders before detonating their explosive devices in their midst. The attacks resulted in more than 40 killed and more than 250 wounded, walhamdulillh.
Wilyat South Baghdad ­ On the 15th of Jumd al-khirah, our brother Sayfullh al-Ansr carried out an istishhd operation targeting a group of Rfid Mobilization fighters and leaders. He entered into their midst and

Brussels

24 OPERATIONS

mic State covert unit detonated two explosive devices in front of the police station in the city of ad-Dalam south of Riyadh, leading to three police vehicles being burned. Just three days later, an Islamic State covert unit assassinated the murtadd, Kitb Mjid alHammd, a colonel in the public investigations division of the Interior Ministry of l Sall. He was assassinated in the area of ad-Dawdim west of Riyadh.

Al-Qawqz
detonated his explosive belt, killing more than 60 of them and injuring nearly 100 more. Among the dead were a number of Rfid Mobilization leaders, the most prominent of whom was Ahmad Shkir al-Khafj, director of the district of al-Iskandariyyah. May Allah accept our brother among the shuhad'.
Wilyat Hamh ­ On the 18th of Jumd al-khirah, the soldiers of the Khilfah launched an assault on the Nusayr army's abandoned battalion base as well as a neighboring checkpoint located near the T4 military airbase. Fierce clashes took place, ending with the mujhidn's capture of the battalion base and the checkpoint. They also killed nearly 23 Nusayr soldiers and also took a Konkurs missile launcher and a number of Konkurs missiles as ghanmah, in addition to an autocannon, and the mujhidn returned safely back to their locations.

in the eastern part of Dagestan, killing 10 Russian soldiers and injuring three more, in addition to destroying one of the vehicles and burning the other. The next day, an istishhd soldier of the Khilfah set out towards a checkpoint belonging to the murtadd Dagestani police in the village of Sirtych in the region of Dagestan. He detonated his explosive belt on them, killing a number of them and injuring several more, in addition to destroying one of the checkpoint's vehicles.
Wilyat Najd ­ On the 23rd of Jumd al-khirah, an Isla-
Ghanmah in Dimashq

Wilyat Dimashq ­ On the 26th of Jumd al-khirah, the soldiers of the Khilfah launched a wide scale assault on Nusayr points in East Qalamn both east and northeast of the city of Dimashq. They succeeded in capturing the Battalion 559 base, the strategic Muthallath checkpoint, the Chinese factory, and the cement factory. They also succeeded in killing a number of Nusayr soldiers and capturing a large quantity of ghanmah which included a number of autocannons of varying calibers, tanks, Kornet and Konkurs missile launchers, and various types of ammo.

Wilyat al-Qawqz ­ On the 19th of Jumd al-khirah, the soldiers of the Khilfah managed to plant and detonate two explosive devices on two Russian army vehicles in the area of Kaspiysk

25

Ab Sa'd al-Khudr h entered upon Raslullh g while Raslullh was ill with a sheet covering him. Ab Sa'd placed his hand upon the sheet, felt the temperature through it, and remarked, "O Raslullh, How severe your fever is!" He g responded, "We [the Prophets] are so. Afflictions are severe for us. And our reward is multiplied." Ab Sa'd then asked, "O Raslullh, which people are most severely struck by affliction?" He responded, "The Prophets." Ab Sa'd asked, "Then who?" He responded, "The scholars." Ab Sa'd asked, "Then who?" He responded, "The righteous. Some of them would be afflicted with lice to the point it would kill them. Some of them would be afflicted with poverty to the point they would not find anything but cloaks to wear. And they would be happier when being struck by affliction than you would be when receiving gifts" [Reported by Ibn Mjah and al-Hkim]. He g also said, "A man is struck with affliction to the degree of his religiousness. If he is firm in his religiousness, his affliction is more
severe. And if he is lax in his religiousness, he is afflicted [less] to the degree of his religiousness" [Reported by at-Tirmidh from Sa'd Ibn Ab Waqqs].
26 HIKMAH

The Prophet g said, "The example of the believer is that of a plant that the winds do not cease to sway. [Likewise], afflictions do not cease to strike the believer. The example of the hypocrite
is that of a pine tree. It is not shaken until it is uprooted" [Reported by Muslim from Ab Hurayrah]. The Prophet g said, "Great reward comes with great affliction. If Allah c loves a people, He strikes them with affliction. Whoever is pleased then will have the pleasure [of Allah].
And whoever is angered then will have the anger [of Allah]" [Reported by at-Tirmidh from Anas]. He g also said, "Whomever Allah wants good for, He strikes with affliction" [Reported by al-Bukhr from Ab Hurayrah]. He g also said, "Nothing afflicts the believer of tiredness, illness, worry, sorrow, harm, anguish, and even a thorn he is pricked by, except that Allah pardons thereby some of his sins" [Reported by al-Bukhr from Ab Hurayrah and Ab Sa'd al-Khudr]. He g also said, "Afflictions do not cease to strike the believer in his children and wealth until he meets Allah c having no sins" [Reported by at-Tirmidh from Ab Hurayrah].
27

28 FEATURE

The Murtadd
Brotherhood
Over the last few decades, a devastating cancer has emerged, mutated, and spread, attempting to drown the entire Ummah in apostasy. Starting in an Egyptian city in "1928CE," it quickly spread across Egypt into Shm, Iraq, and eventually much of the lands usurped by the murtadd tawght. It then spread into the West ­ America, Europe, and Australia ­ and other countries throughout the world. Wherever there were communities of Muslims, it attempted to take hold of their affairs and instill within them a religion other than Islam, in the name of Islam.
The deviance of this cancer surpassed even that of the most deviant and widespread historical sects including the Jahmiyyah, the Mu'tazilah, the Mturdiyyah, and the Ash'ariyyah. And due to the deaths of scholars, the absence of khulaf' for centuries, and the spread of Sufism, Kalm (heretical "theological rhetoric"), Ra'y (erroneous "fiqh" opinions contradicting hadth), grave-worship, and modernism at the hands of the deviant Ottomans, as well as the crusader colonization of many Muslim lands, the cancer easily found a strong foothold in every land it reached.
Its religion was a hodgepodge of deviance bequeathed by the Ottomans combined with the various tenets and rites of democracy, liberalism, pacifism, and socialism borrowed from the pagans of the West and the East. Its ultimate goal was to serve the short-term individual and partisan interests of its leaders and members. It would claim to be working for the implementation of Shar'ah, the revival of khilfah, and the fulfillment of jihd, while waging war against Islam and the Muslims! The cancer would ultimately cooperate with the tawght and the crusaders in this regards in Afghanistan, Iraq, Algeria, the Philippines, Somalia, Yemen, Tunisia, Libya, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Malaysia, Egypt, and elsewhere. Its servitude to the crusaders reached the point of hosting Western intelligence agents in the "Islamic" centers of the West to partake in the war against jihd!
The cancer known as "Jam'at al-Ikhwn al-Muslmn" (The "Muslim Brotherhood" Group)1 was founded in "1928CE" by Hasan al-Bann, who
1 The apostate party will be referred to throughout this article as the "Ikhwn" or the "Brotherhood."

The tght Ismail Haniyeh with the tght Khamenei

became its first "General Guide," the title given to the leader of the party. Because of the significant role this party played throughout modern history in waging war against Islam and the Muslims, it is important that the muwahhid mujhid gains insight into its tenets, history, and condition.
The Ikhwn and the Rfidah
Since the founding of Rafd by the Jew Ibn Saba', the sect has been at war with Islam, even cooperating several times with the pagans and the crusaders against the Muslims. It is a sect of grave-worship, takfr of the best Muslims, and defamation of the Prophet g. Despite the apostasy of the Rfidah, Hasan al-Bann and his companions followed the footsteps of the two Freemason modernists Muhammad `Abduh and Jmal ad-Dn al-Afghn (a Rfid) who both pioneered the call to wal' between the Muslims and the Rfidah!
The third "General Guide" `Umar at-Tilimsn said, "Part of Hasan al-Bann's devotion to uniting Muslims is that he worked to hold a conference that would gather the Muslim denominations, hoping Allah would unite them upon a matter that would end their takfr of each other, especially as our Qur'n is one, our religion is one, our Messenger g is one, and

our God is one. For this purpose, he hosted the noble shaykh Muhammad al-Qumm ­ one of the major scholars and leaders of the Sh'ah ­ at the main Ikhwn center" [Al-Mulham al-Mawhb]. He also said, "During the forties, from what I recall, as-Sayyid al-Qumm ­ who is a follower of the Sh' madhhab ­ stayed as a guest of the Ikhwn at the main Ikhwn center. At the time, Hasan al-Bann worked hard to bring the different denominations closer to each other, so that the enemies of Islam do not take the division amongst the denominations as an opening by which they can tear up Islamic unity. We asked him one day about the degree of difference between Ahlus-Sunnah and the Sh'ah, so he prohibited us from delving into such delicate matters that are inappropriate for the Muslims to busy themselves in, as the Muslims are... at the brink of a conflict the enemies of Islam want to ignite. We said to his nobleness, `We don't ask out of bigotry nor to widen the gap between the Muslims. We ask to know, because what is between the Sunnah and the Sh'ah is mentioned in uncountable books and we don't have the time to revisit these references.' So he said, `Know that Ahlus-Sunnah and the Sh'ah are Muslims united by the word that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is Allah's Messenger. This is the basis of creed. The Sunnah and the Sh'ah in this regards are equal and pure. As for the differences between them, then they are matters that continue to allow them to come closer together" [Dhikryt l Mudhakkirt].
At-Tilimsn also said, "The relationship of the Ikhwn with the leaders of the Sh'ah did not weaken. They contacted, for example, yatullh al-Kshn. They hosted Nawwb Safaw in Egypt. The Ikhwn did all this not to make the Sh'ah abandon their madhhab. Rather, they did this for a noble goal to which their Islam calls. That is to attempt to bring the var-

29

ious Islamic denominations closer to each other, as much as possible" [Sh'ah wa Sunnah]. Thus, the Ikhwn do not even want the Rfidah to abandon their apostasy!
The party even released an official statement in support of the Khomeini state, saying, "The international organization of the Muslim Brotherhood called the heads of Islamic movements in Turkey, Pakistan, India, Indonesia, Afghanistan, Malaysia, and the Philippines, in addition to the local branches of the Muslim Brotherhood in the Arab world, Europe, and America, to a meeting that led to the formation of a delegation sent upon a private plane to Tehran. The delegation met yatullh al-Khomeini to reaffirm the solidarity of the Islamic movement represented by the delegation, which were the Muslim Brotherhood, the Salvation Party of Turkey, Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan, Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, the Masyumi Party of Indonesia, Muslim Youth Movement of Malaysia, and al-Jam'ah al-Islmiyyah of the Philippines. The meeting was a scene manifesting at the proper time the greatness and power of Islam to dissolve...sectarian differences. Imm Khomeini honored the delegation and made it clear to it that he was certain during his exile that his reserves were the reserves of the Islamic revolution worldwide, his reserves being every muwahhid Muslim who says there is no god but Allah. He said that the revolution was not only for Iran, but also for every Islamic state whose ruler transgresses against the Islamic religion and stands in the way of its dynamic movement and that Allah who blessed Khomeini with victory against the Shah would support every Khomeini against every Shah. The delegation also stressed from its side to Imm Khomeini that the Islamic movements would continue to uphold their pledge in serving the Islamic revolution in Iran and everywhere with all their human, scholarly, and material ability. After the delegation prayed the gh'ib funeral prayer for the [Rfid] shuhad', a number of meetings were held ... The meetings focused on future coordination and cooperation ... The delegation later made a call ­ during a touching television interview ­ to a day of solidarity with the Iranian revolution all over the Islamic world and wherever there are Islamic communities and gatherings outside it. On that day, after Jumu'ah prayer on 16 March 1979, the gh'ib funeral prayer is to be prayed for the shuhad' of the Iranian revolution. We call all the activists in the Islamic field everywhere to remember that day, remind others of it, and make the gh'ib funeral prayer a symbol of unity for the Islamic Ummah" [Al-Mujtama'].
Thus the Ikhwn consider the Rfid revolution to be Islamic! The same revolution that the Ummah is at war with in Syria, Lebanon, Yemen, the Arabian Peninsula, and elsewhere.
The feeble attitude of the Ikhwn towards the Rfidah was inherited by Ab Mus'ab as-Sr ­ a jihd claimant "ideologue" praised by Dhawhir and friend of the dead sahwah

leader Ab Khlid as-Sr ­ who said, "I will summarize what I have been guided to in the issue of creed and the issue of madhhab in the following points ... Those many sects including the Sh'ah...and other sects that say `there is no god but Allah' but leave the creed of Ahlus-Sunnah are still from the Ummah of Islam and the People of the Qiblah. Takfr is not to be generalized upon them. Their ascription to Islam and the Qiblah should not be negated except according to scales and limits defined by the scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah including the fulfillment of conditions and absence of impediments. This is the job of the expert scholars who have reached the degree of judging in creeds and faiths. This is not the job of individual Muslims including the ignorant and commoners amongst them. This is also not the job of those who have dedicated themselves to jihd and fighting off the invaders" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].
After falsely attributing his stance on the Rfidah to the scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah2, he went on to claim it was also the stance of the so-called "majority of jihdists," saying, "The Issue of the Sh'ah and Other Non-Sunn Sects: The jihdists consider all these sects to be within the Islamic Ummah or part of the People of the Qiblah ... The Ja'far Imm Sh'ah: They are the majority of the Sh'ah in Iran. They are minorities in Lebanon, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Mideast ... The majority of the jihdists consider them to be Muslims, from the People of the Qiblah, deviant, and mubtadi'ah" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].
His deviance led him to declare the following in the alleged "Jihd Creed and Constitution of the International Islamic Resistance Call," "Article 10: The international Islamic resistance considers ev-
2 To read on the takfr of the Rfidah, see Dbiq, issue 13, "The Rfidah: From Ibn Saba' to the Dajjl." Irj' in general as well as the exaggerated understanding of ignorance being an excuse has been refuted in several articles of Dbiq. See issue 8, "Irj' ­ The Most Dangerous Bid'ah," issue 7, "Islam Is the Religion of the Sword," issue 6, "The Q'idah of adh-Dhawhir ... And the Absent Yemeni Wisdom," and issue 10, "The Law of Allah or the Laws of Men."

30 FEATURE

This deviant position of the jihd claimants towards the Rfidah, which is identical to that of Hasan al-Bann and his followers, is not surprising when one considers that Ab Mus'ab as-Sr was a former Ikhwn who continues to hold esteem for the Ikhwn...

The Ikhwn and Interfaith Deviance

The tght Erdogan and the tght Moshe Katsav
ery Muslim who says `there is no god but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger' ­ regardless of their schools and denominations ­ to be within the general circle of Islam, which the scholars label `the People of the Qiblah.' It considers the theological, doctrinal, and denominational differences to be something for the scholars to judge. The solution for these matters is truthful discussion and clarification via wisdom and good admonishment ... The resistance censures unrest and fighting amongst the Muslims. It calls all the Muslims of the Qiblah as schools, groups, and individuals to cooperate in resisting the invaders and waging jihd against the kfir enemy who invades the Muslims' lands. It calls everyone to abandon the calls to internal partisanship, which only benefit in these circumstances the kfir enemy invading the Muslims' lands" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].3
3 This deviant, feeble stance towards the Rfidah propagated by Ab Mus'ab as-Sr is similar to that of Dhawhir and the Taliban leadership, as was exp-

In addition to the bond between the Ikhwn and the Rfidah, the Ikhwn pioneered the deviant call to interfaith amongst Muslims, Christians, and Jews, thereby destroying the obligation of bar'ah from the Jews and Christians after they destroyed the same obligation towards the murtaddn. Allah c said, {You will not find a people who believe in Allah and the Last Day having affection for those who oppose Allah and His Messenger, even if they were their fathers or their sons or their brothers or their kindred} [Al-Mujdilah: 22]. In spite of this, Hasan al-Bann said in front of a joint American-British committee holding a meeting in Egypt to study the Palestinian issue, "Our dispute with the Jews is not religious, because the Qur'n encouraged us to be friendly with them. Islam is a human law before being an ethnic law. The Qur'n praised the Jews...and when the Qur'n dealt with the matter of the Jews, it approached it from an economic and legal angle" [Al-Ikhwn al-Muslimn Ahdth Sana'at at-Trkh ­ Mahmd `Abdul-`Adhm]. Al-Bann also sent a letter to Jewish Egyptian rabbis, saying, "A message from the General Guide to the rabbis and heads of the Jewish denomination. Good greetings ... I wanted to take the opportunity to say that the national bond uniting all the Egyptian citizens despite their various faiths does not need governmental arrangements and police protection. But we are before a coherent international conspiracy of vig-
lained in Dbiq, issue 6, "The Q'idah of adh-Dhawhir...And the Absent Yemeni Wisdom."

31

orous parties. Zionism feeds this conspiracy to extract Palestine from the body of the Arab nation for whom Palestine is its throbbing heart. In front of this great surge of zealous emotions in Egypt and other lands of Arabism and Islam, we find it necessary to explain to you nobles and sons of the Jewish denomination from amongst our beloved citizens that the best defense is that you nobles and the figures from your denomination declare publically your material and moral participation with your fellow citizens from the sons of the Egyptian nation in their national resistance, a resistance which the Muslims and Christians have taken to save Palestine. Before it's too late, you nobles should send this message to the United Nations, the Jewish Agency, and to all the international and Zionist organizations and committees who are concerned with this affair. You should let them know that the Jewish citizens of Egypt will be on the frontlines of the resistance to save the Arabism of Palestine. O people of nobility, you would thereby completely fulfill your national obligation. You would also remove any doubt that the bigots imply about the stance of Jewish Egyptian citizens. You would also give comfort to the whole nation and the Islamic peoples during the greatest hardship to face them in modern history. The nation and history will never forget this glorious stance. And please accept all my eminent respects. Hasan al-Bann" [F Qfilat al-Ikhwn al-Muslimn ­ `Abbs as-Ss].

Al-Bann also said, "Pure Islam does not oppose a religion nor destroy another creed." He also referred to the Copts of Egypt as "our Christian brothers" [F Qfilat al-Ikhwn al-Muslimn ­ `Abbs asSs].
Al-Bann also said while celebrating the Prophet's birthday4 g alongside Coptic Christians, "We celebrate today the Messenger's birthday g. It is the right of all people whether Muslims or non-Muslims to celebrate this blessed occasion, because our Messenger g did not come to the Muslims only" [F Qfilat al-Ikhwn al-Muslimn ­ `Abbs as-Ss].
The Brotherhood also released an official statement which said, "Our position towards our Christian brothers in Egypt and the Muslim world is a historic, famous, and clear position. They have the same rights and responsibilities as us. They are our
4 The practice of celebrating the Prophet's birthday g was a bid'ah innovated by the Ism'liyyah of the `Ubayd state and thereafter inherited by the extreme Sfs, only to later be practiced by the Sf founders of the Brotherhood.

The Egyptian parliament

32 FEATURE

partners in the na-

tion and our brothers

in the long, national

struggle. They have

all the rights of citi-

zenship: the material

and moral rights, the

civilian and political

rights" [Bayn lin-

Ns].

This is the lan-

guage of the Ikhwn.

The Christians are

their brothers in kufr.

They do not want

to oppose any other

religion. They want

to treat all kuffr as

equals with Muslims.

Ikhwn in the Tunisian legislature

They thus reject the

obligation of jihd

against the Jews and Christians. Allah c Ikhwn have participated in numerous legislative body elec-

said, {Fight those who do not believe in Al- tions in several countries, requesting for themselves Allah's

lah or in the Last Day and who do not con- right to legislate. Allah c said, {Or have they partners who

sider harm what Allah and His Messenger have legislated for them a religion to which Allah has not con-

have made harm and who do not adopt sented?} [Ash-Shr: 21].

the religion of truth from those who were The Ikhwn would deceptively "justify" such kufr under

given the Book ­ fight until they give the the pretense of commanding the good and forbidding the evil,

jizyah willingly while they are humbled} as al-Bann wrote an article in "1938CE" titled "The Destroy-

[At-Tawbah: 29].

ing of Bars Is an Incident Calling to Serious Reflection" in

which he said, `Banning alcohol is from the rights of the imm

The Ikhwn and Legislature

... Accordingly, we see that Islam is a religion of organization.

The illicit relationship of the Ikhwn with parliament is what has most

It made changing evil the right of the imm ... The government in our times has the role of the imm. It is responsible to ban all evils. If it does not do so, it is obligatory upon the

infamously defined the party in the last representatives of the people to make a motion of no confi-

thirty years. However, this is not a new dence in the government. If the representatives do not fulfill

tradition of the party as its first "Gener- their responsibility, it becomes obligatory upon the nation to

al Guide," Hasan al-Bann, nominated not give them their trust and instead vote for other represen-

himself for the Egyptian parliament twice tatives. If Muslim representatives gather under the parliament

during the reign of the tght Farouk I ­ in dome, it is possible to end all evils through the power of law

"1942" and "1944" ­ as documented by the and the authority of the system" [An-Nadhr Magazine].

Ikhwn journalist Jbir Rizq in his book Rather than calling to the obligation of jihd against those

"Hasan al-Bann bi Aqlm Talmidhatih parties who forcefully resist adherence to a clear-cut obliga-

wa Mu'sirh." Al-Bann also attempted tion of the Shar'ah, such as the prohibition of alcohol and

to justify his participation and that of his the collection of zakh, the Ikhwn call Muslims to commit

followers in the parliamentary elections apostasy by choosing individuals to represent them in the par-

in an article titled "Why Did the Ikhwn liaments as legislators besides Allah!

Partake in the Parliamentary Elections?" in

the official Ikhwn journal. Since then, the

33

The Ikhwn and Democracy
Democracy is a religion that gives supreme authority to people rather than Allah c. In it, the right to legislate is distributed amongst mankind so that they thereby determine what laws are fit to be ruled by in the lands. If the majority decide sodomy is legal, it is legalized even though it contradicts Allah's Shar'ah. And if the majority decide to illegalize sodomy, it is made illegal, not because it is Allah's legislation, but because supreme power is that of mankind, above and beyond the authority of Allah! How wicked a religion is one where all its members consider themselves "gods" besides Allah! Yet, the Ikhwn insist that this religion is theirs and propagate it in the name of Islam! {"Those whom you worship besides Him are but names which you have named, you and your fathers, for which Allah has sent down no authority. Legislation is not but for Allah. He has commanded that you worship not except Him. That is the correct religion, but most of the people do not know"} [Ysuf: 40]. The Ikhwn "scholar" al-Qardw said, "The Islamic movement must always be in the ranks of political freedom represented by true democracy" [Awlawiyyt al-Harakah al-Islmiyyah]. The fourth "General Guide" Muhammad Hmid AbunNasr was asked, "Some people accuse the Ikhwn of being the enemies of democracy and having enmity towards political pluralism. What is your response to this accusation?" He responded, "Whoever says such does not know the Ikhwn. He just throws accusations ignorantly. We support all the complete and comprehensive meanings and dimensions of democracy. We are not against party pluralism. The people are the ones who have the right to judge all ideologies and individuals" [Al-`lam Magazine]. The Ikhwn "ideologue" Fard `Abdil-Khliq said, "Islam does not oppose the establishment of political parties and does not oppose democracy. Rather the core of democracy is from the heart of Islam" [Al-Musawwir Magazine]. The sixth "General Guide" Ma'mn al-Hudayb said, "The Muslim Brotherhood support real democracy" [Al-Musawwir Magazine]. `Abdul-Mun'im `Abdul-Futh ­ member of the Executive Office of the Ikhwn ­ said, "We consider all these regimes that came about against the will of the people to be illegitimate regimes. We will not acknowledge their constitutional legitimacy until they come about through the ballot boxes of elections. We respect any regime that comes through electoral ballot boxes even if it does not raise Islamic slogans. We will continue to oppose every unconstitutional regime that was not represented by the will of the people or that came against the will of the people. We will continue to oppose it, but it

will never be through military opposition" [Al-Jazrah Interview].
The Ikhwn and Constitutional Rule
Allah c said, {Have you not seen those who claim to have believed in what was revealed to you and what was revealed before you? They wish to refer legislation to tght, while they were commanded to reject it; and Shaytn wishes to lead them far astray} [An-Nis': 60]. The constitutions of the various apostate governments claiming to be Muslim are authorities of law competing with Allah's Shar'ah. Thus, they are tawght that are to be despised, rejected, and fought. It is obligatory to pronounce takfr upon those who rule by and support these constitutions. Yet, the leaders of the Ikhwn instead describe their deep respect for constitutional democratic rule! Al-Bann said, "If the examiner looks at the basis of constitutional rule, he will see that overall it is the preserving of all forms of personal freedom, consultation, derivation of authority from the people, the liability of the rulers before the people, the holding of rulers to account for their deeds, and the defining of the power limits for each authoritative body. To the examiner, these principles all clearly agree with the teachings and system of Islam in the method of rule. For this reason, the Muslim Brotherhood believes that the constitutional system of rule is the system of rule established in the world closest to Islam. The Muslim Brotherhood does not prefer any other system to it" [Mabdi' wa Usl f Mu'tamart Khssah]. The top Ikhwn leader `Ism al-`Aryn said, "The Ikhwn consider constitutional rule to be the closest to the rule of Islam. They do not prefer any other system to it, especially as emphasized by the fifth conference statement by Hasan al-Bann ... Why do some people insist that Islamists are enemies of democracy? This is a false accusation. We are the first callers to and implementers of democracy. We will defend

34 FEATURE

it to the death" [Liw' al-Islm Magazine]. The Ikhwn did not only admire an ex-
isting tght constitution, but even penned their own for Egypt in "1952." It was approved of by the party's "Foundational Commission" and included the following: ˇ Article 11: Before the members of the
legislative assembly assume their jobs, they must pledge publically in their assembly hall that they will be sincere to Allah, then the nation, obeying the laws of the constitution both in its letter and spirit. ˇ Article 17: It is not allowed to hold the members of the legislative assembly responsible for what they offer of ideas and opinions in the assembly. ˇ Article 18: It is not permissible during the assembly meeting to arrest an assembly member except with permission from the assembly. ˇ Article 19: It is not permissible to expel a member of the assembly except with a decision by the majority of the assembly members. ˇ Article 26: Before the president of the country assumes his authority he must pledge the following in front of the assembly, "I swear by Allah the Almighty to respect the letter and spirit of the constitution." ˇ Article 77: The people are born free and equal with regards to their honor, rights, and freedoms, without any distinction based on origin, language, religion, or color. They must treat each other with the spirit of brotherhood. ˇ Article 78: Every individual has the right of livelihood, freedom, and equality before the law and to live in security and comfort. ˇ Article 88: Every individual has the right of freedom in thought, creed, and religion. ˇ Article 89: Every individual has the right of freedom of opinion and expression. ˇ Article 90: Every individual has the right to assemble and form peaceful organizations.

These articles blatantly call to the implementation and preservation of various principles upon which the modern, secular state is founded. How can this party thereafter be described as having anything to do with Islam except in as much as Musaylimah al-Kadhdhb had to do therewith.
The Ikhwn and Pluralism
The essence of pluralism is the legalization of opposing political parties within a democratic framework allowing all parties to publically express themselves regardless of their beliefs. All parties have the opportunity thereby to partake in the rule of the land. If the majority of voters support a party ­ whether it promotes liberal secularism or Marxist atheism ­ it becomes the "legal" authority of the land. The Ummah has ijm' in that its leaders must be Muslims, as Allah c said, {O you who have believed, obey Allah and obey the Messenger and those in authority from amongst you} [AnNis': 59]. Yet the Ikhwn do not have a problem with murtaddn or any other kfir gaining authority over the Muslims. The fourth "General Guide" Muhammad Hmid AbunNasr said, "We believe that Islamic rule must permit for political party pluralism because as the opinions increase the gains increase. We also believe that Islamic rule must grant the freedom to form parties even for those orientations that you say oppose Islam such as communism and secularism. This makes it possible to face them with proof and clarification. This is better than the transformation of these political movements into secret societies. For this reason, we have no problem with the establishment of a communist party inside an Islamic state" [Al-`lam Magazine]. The second "General Guide" Hasan al-Hudayb said, "Communism is not to be opposed by violence nor laws. I have no problem with them having a public party. Islam will guarantee safety on the route which the country takes" [AnNr Newspaper]. The third "General Guide" `Umar at-Tilimsn said, "I was asked if I would allow the establishment of a Nasserite party in Egypt and said, `I allow for such, because personal freedom has no limit at all'" [Ad-Da'wah Magazine]. At-Tilimsn also said, "Our stance towards all parties is that of freedom and respect of other views. So why would I prohibit for people what I permit for myself? Is it freedom to prevent the people from holding their own personal views?" [Al-Mujtama' Magazine]. The Ikhwn parliamentary Muhammad Jaml Hishmat said, "We believe in the transition of power...even if it is for non-Islamists, as long as it is the decision of the people. We believe that supreme power emanates from the people. They have the right to choose, call to account, and remove their

35

leaders" [Al-Jazrah Interview]. The Ikhwn said in an official statement, "The leaders of
the world and the people of reason therein have raised the slogan these days of pluralism and the necessity to acknowledge the differences of peoples' opinions and methods in thought and deed. Islam...considers diversity to be a universal and human reality. It bases its political, social, and cultural system upon this diversity and multiplicity ... The Muslim Brotherhood emphasizes once again its adherence to this correct and upright Islamic view. They remind their followers that every one of them...must open up his heart and mind to all people ... His hand should be stretched out to everyone with good, love, and truth, and that he should initiate peace with the whole world both in his words and deeds" [Bayn lin-Ns].
Pluralism is also a call necessitating the abandonment of a clear-cut shar' ruling, the obligation to wage jihd against apostate parties. After denying several clear-cut obligations, this party dares to call itself the "Muslim" Brotherhood!
The Ikhwn and "Human Rights"
Part of the pagan democratic religion is what has been labelled in this era as "human rights," including the "right" to commit apostasy, devil-worship, sodomy, and fornication. Despite the blatant contradiction these "rights" represent to Islam, the Brotherhood does not rest in promoting them. The Ikhwn said in an official statement, "The Issue of Human Rights: ... We say to ourselves, our followers, and the world around us that we are at the forefront of the callers to respecting human rights, guaranteeing these rights to all people, and facilitating the paths to practice freedom within a framework of moral and legal codes. We do so believing that human freedom is the path to every good, renaissance, and innovation. Aggression against rights and freedoms under any slogan ­ even if it is in the name of Islam itself ­ debases the humanness of mankind and drags man to a status other than that in which Allah placed him and hinders him from using his powers and gifts ... It is upon the rational minds and the believers everywhere to raise their voices in calling to equality so that all enjoy freedom and human rights. This equality is the true path to international and social peace and to a new world order that resists oppression, harm, and aggression" [Bayn lin-Ns]. `Abdul-Mun'im `Abdul-Futh ­ member of the Executive Office of the Ikhwn ­ also said, "This is our major issue and that of all the Egyptian people, not just the Ikhwn. It is the issue of freedoms, human rights, and justice. This is our issue. Our issue with the government is not Islam. The government [of Hosni Mubarak] is Muslim. The state is Muslim ...

Accordingly, the problem between us and the government is one of freedoms, human rights, and upholding the constitution" [Al-Jazrah Interview].
The Ikhwn and Pacifism
Jihd in this era is an obligation upon each and every Muslim as numerous lands of the Muslims have been usurped by the kuffr and numerous parties of apostasy have arisen therein. Until all these lands are retaken, cleansed of apostates, and ruled by the Shar'ah, the obligation does not drop. However, rather than calling the Muslims to jihd, the Ikhwn throughout their history called to pacifism and even censured "terrorism," whereas striking terror in the kuffr is a part of Islam, and whoever denies this, disbelieves. Allah c said, {And prepare against them whatever you are able of power and of steeds of war by which you may terrify the enemy of Allah and your enemy and others besides them whom you do not know [but] whom Allah knows} [Al-Anfl: 60]. The Ikhwn however say, "The Third Issue: Political Activism, Rejection of Violence, and Condemnation of Terrorism: The Muslim Brotherhood has declared dozens of times throughout the last years that they engage in the political domain while adhering to the legal means and peaceful methods alone. They are armed by the true, free statement and generous sacrifice in all the realms of social work ... They believe that the conscience of the nation and awareness of its sons are the ultimate just judge between the ideological and political movements that are competing nobly with each other in the shade of the constitution and law. For this reason, they repeat their declaration rejecting all means of violence and coercion and all forms of coups, all of which break the unity of the nation and might give its instigators the opportunity to skip over political and social realities, however, it will never give them the chance to settle with the will of the free masses of the nation. Such means also represent a

36 FEATURE

frightening crack in the wall of political stability and an unacceptable uprising against the true legitimacy of the society. If the atmosphere of suppression and volatility that controls the nation has implicated a group of its sons in practicing terrorism, frightening the innocent, and agitating the country and its economic and political progress, then the Muslim Brotherhood announces without any hesitation and appeasement that it is innocent of all forms and roots of violence. It censures all forms and roots of terrorism. It announces that those who spill inviolable blood or partake in such are partners in and perpetrators of sin. They are requested with firmness and without delay to return to the truth ... As for those who intentionally mix up the facts and wrongly accuse the Muslim Brotherhood of partaking in violence and being implicated in terrorism ­ under the claim that the Brotherhood insistently requests the government not to respond to violence with further violence and instead to adhere to the law and judicial system and comprehend all the causes and circumstances behind violence in the government's study and response to the phenomenon without relying only on security responses ­ then such claims against the Brotherhood are rejected by the very bright history of the Brotherhood throughout the long years in which the Brotherhood partook in representative councils and legislative elections. During those occasions in which it did not participate, it continued to adhere to the laws of the constitution and government, striving to make the free, true word its only weapon" [Bayn lin-Ns].
The third "General Guide" `Umar at-Tilimsn was asked, "Is it possible that the matter between you and the government reaches the point of fighting?" He replied, "We will not harm anyone nor do we strive to harm anyone. Even if the matter reached the point of placing us in prisons, we will not fight them" [Al-Majallah Magazine].
`Umar at-Tilimsn said, "When World War II started in 1939, the Ikhwn with

their strength could have caused a lot of hardship for the Allies. But the martyred imm Hasan al-Bann gave his orders to the people and the regions in which the Ikhwn had presence telling them to remain calm, dedicate their time to da'wah, and focus all their efforts away from instigation, until the Allies became victorious. The position of this region ­ which was full of Ikhwn everywhere ­ was one of the reasons for the victory of the Allies, but they disregarded the martyred imm and the Ikhwn and rewarded the imm with treachery" [Dhikryt l Mudhakkirt].
The second "General Guide" Hasan al-Hudayb said, "Do you think that violent deeds will expel the English from our lands? The obligation upon the government today is to do what the Muslim Brotherhood does, to educate the nation and prepare it. This is the road to expel the English" [AlHarakah as-Siysiyyah f Misr ­ Triq al-Bishr].
Al-Hudayb also said, "My brothers, you heard me on more than one occasion speaking. I don't speak about anything except peace, security, and stability. I speak against protests, destruction, and conflict" [Al-Atibb' Magazine].
And after some of the Ikhwn decided to target some Egyptian agents of the British without approval from the top leadership, al-Bann wrote an official declaration in which he said, "The goal of our da'wah when it initiated was to work for the good of the homeland, support the religion, and oppose all calls of atheism, immorality, and abandonment of the laws and virtues of Islam ... If this is the case, then murder, terrorism, and violence are not from its means, because it takes Islam as its methodology, abiding by its limits ... Pure Islam is the religion of comprehensive peace, complete security, pure spirituality, and the lofty example of humankind..."
"Some events occurred that were attributed to some of those who had entered the jam'ah without having absorbed its spirit. After these frightening events, another event took place, which was the assassination of the Prime Minister Mahmd Fahm an-Naqrsh Pasha. The country was struck with sorrow due to his passing. It lost by his passing a star of its renaissance, a leader of its progress, a good role model of honesty, patriotism, and chastity. He was one of its best sons. We are no less saddened than others over his passing nor do we admire his jihd and character less than others do. This is because the nature of the Islamic da'wah opposes violence; rather it censures it, abhors murder regardless of its type, and resents its perpetrators. For this reason, we declare our innocence before Allah of the murders and their perpetrators."
"Because our country is now passing through a stage that is one of the most significant of its life thus necessitating the providing of complete calm, security, and stability, his majesty the great king ­ may Allah protect him ­ was generous and directed the existent government, consisting of the top men

37

of Egypt, to a righteous focus. That was to work to unite the word of the nation and close its ranks and direct its efforts and capacities altogether, not divided, to serve the good of the nation and its internal and foreign reforms. The government immediately began to execute the noble directives with sincerity, character, and honesty. All this makes it obligatory upon us to exert all our strength and spend our time in helping the government in executing and fulfilling its great responsibilities. It will not be able to do so correctly until it is certain that security and stability have been achieved for the regime. This is the obligation upon every citizen in normal times. How much more so is it in these delicate and crucial circumstances in which no one gains from the chaos of emotions, clash of ideas, and division of efforts except the enemies of the nation and its renaissance."
"For this reason, I call upon my brothers for the sake of Allah and the public good that each one of them helps in achieving this meaning, directing themselves to their work, and distancing themselves from every deed that opposes the stabilization of security and comprehensiveness of safety, so that they thereby fulfill the right of Allah and the right of the homeland. We ask Allah to protect his majesty the great king and to guide the steps of the country both its government and people under his The tght Farouk reign to what entails good and success" [AlIkhwn al-Muslimn Ahdth Sana'at atTrkh].
When another covert operation was attempted by some of the Ikhwn again without the approval of the top leadership, al-Bann wrote a second statement under the title "They Are Not Brothers, Nor Are They Muslims" He said in it, "Those who carried out this deed are neither brothers nor Muslims. They do not deserve the honor of Egyptian citizenship."
This is the religion of the Ikhwn towards jihd, making the swords on their logo and the slogan of "Prepare" ­ in reference to the 60th verse of Srat al-Anfl ­ completely meaningless.

"kings," both of whom were descendants of Muhammad `Al Pasha, the modernist who ­ under the banner of the grave-worshiping Ottomans ­ had led the war against tawhd in al-Hijz and Najd. The two apostates Fuad and Farouk were both famous for their secularism, corruption, and subservience to the British.
Yet, Hasan al-Bann would enumerate the "merits" of the Egyptian king before the Ikhwn, as al-Bann explained in his autobiography. He would even order his followers to gather publically in numbers and greet the king upon any visit of the monarchy to the city, saying, "You must gather on the sidewalks and greet the king, so that the foreigners of the land know that we respect our king and love him, thereby their respect of us will grow" [Mudhakkart ad-Da'wah]. The official Ikhwn journal would also call for appointing the king ­ a non-Qurash secularist ­ to the

The Ikhwn, Patrons of the Tght Kings of Egypt
During the British colonization of Egypt, the crusaders set up a thirty-year superficial monarchy loyal to the British Empire. This kingdom was ruled by secularist law having Fuad and Farouk as its

38 FEATURE

position of Khalfah. And in general, the Ikhwn journal would praise Fuad and Farouk despite them being murtadd pawns of the British. Article titles in the Ikhwn journal included, "The Royal Farouk Is the Role Model for His Nation," "Farouk: The Defender of the Qur'n," "Farouk Revives the Sunnah of the Rshid Khulaf'," "The King Calls, the Nation Answers ­ To the Majestic, Righteous King Farouk the First, From the Muslim Brotherhood," "To His Majesty the Beloved King, May Allah Support Him," and "Farouk: The Righteous Role Model." Some of these articles were written by al-Bann himself. In "1937," the Ikhwn celebrated the official appointment of Farouk as king of Egypt in their fourth general conference, gathering twenty thousand people at the celebration, and announcing their pledge of allegiance to him. The Ikhwn would then order their followers yearly to gather and manifest their loyalty to the tght on the anniversary of his assumption of the throne, his return from travel to other countries, and even his personal birthday, as documented in the writings of their own historians.
The Ikhwn and the Tght Mubarak
Despite the shirk that Hosni Mubarak implemented and the oppression he inflicted upon the Muslims of Egypt, the Ikhwn would defend him and his government, even cooperating with his regime against the Muslims. Ma'mn al-Hudayb said, "There does not exist any sensitivity nor hatred between the Muslim Brotherhood and President Hosni Mubarak, for he did not partake in suppressing and torturing the Ikhwn in the past eras. There also does not exist any enmity between the Ikhwn party and any other political parties and orientations" [Al-Mujtama' Magazine]. `Umar at-Tilimsn also said, "I partook in many stances in which the governments needed the aid of the Muslim Brotherhood ... I was in constant contact with the security personnel of the Interior Ministry. I

The tght Hosni Mubarak
offered everything that will solidify security in Egypt. I would not make any minor or major figure of them come to me. I would suffice with their calling me on the phone to go to the ministry, except on occasions of sickness or holidays, in which they would visit me and thank me. From Allah's grace upon me was that I never went to a college that was agitated for some reason except returning successfully. My efforts were thanked by the authorities in the Interior Ministry" [Dhikryt l Mudhakkirt].
Allah c said, {O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as awliy'. They are awliy' of one another. And whoever takes them as awliy' among you ­ then indeed, he is [one] of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people} [Al-M'idah: 51]. This is Allah's ruling upon the Muslims who take the Jews and Christians as awliy'. How much worse is the case of those who take the murtaddn as awliy', as the kufr of riddah is more severe than that of the Jews and the Christians, according to the ijm' of the Salaf, as is manifest in the issue of jizyah, marriage, and other rulings.
The Ikhwn and Extreme Irj'
The extreme Irj' of the Ikhwn is not an unknown phenomenon. Hasan al-Hudayb ­ the second "General Guide" ­ wrote the book "Du't l Qudt" (Preachers, Not Judges), which served to propagate an extreme form of Irj' within the ranks of his followers. He argued against pronouncing takfr upon the governments that ruled by manmade law, as some of the Ikhwn had begun to adopt firmer stances on these issues. In this regards, the Ikhwn parliamentary Muhammad

39

Jaml Hishmat said, "The publishing of the book `Preachers, Not Judges' was sufficient to negate the issue of takfr, even if the issue was raised by Sayyid Qutb5. The methodology adhered to by the Ikhwn is that there is no takfr. The twentieth principle of the twenty principles [penned by Hasan al-Bann] is that it is not permissible for anyone to make takfr of another due to sin6. This is clear. There were no attempts of assassinations driven by takfr. There is no adoption of takfr. Those of the Ikhwn that adopted takfr abandoned the party. They were debated. Those who understood, became moderate, and returned from their evil, returned to the party. Those who did not return, were expelled from the party and were told by those who expelled them, `Look for another banner.' This is a very clear matter" [Al-Jazrah Interview].
The fourth "General Guide" Abun-Nasr said, "We offer our hand to all the activists who ascribe themselves to the Islamic movement in the realm of da'wah, except those who pronounce takfr upon the ruler or any other human. This is because we are against takfr in general" [An-Nr Magazine].
The Ikhwn said in an official statement, "The Muslim Brotherhood sees all people as carriers of good, qualified to carry the trust and be upright upon the truth. The Muslim Brotherhood does not busy itself with takfr of anyone ... We, the Brotherhood, always say, we are callers not judges. For this reason we never think for a moment of coercing anyone into another creed or religion" [Bayn lin-Ns].
The third "General Guide" `Umar at-Tilimsn said, "There is a clear difference between secularism and atheism. Secularism is not against the religion. It gives the religious person the right to express himself. As for atheism, then it is a personal stance that leads to unjustly pursuing religious people. I was a colleague of Mister Sirj ad-Dn, the president of [the secularist] Wafd party in the College of Law. He is a righteous person who prays and fasts. Also, al-Wafd party never harmed the Ikhwn" [Al-Mustaqbal Journal].
Thus, the Ikhwn do not pronounce takfr even upon the secularists! They even disavow former members merely because those members declared takfr upon tght regimes!
5 Members of the Ikhwn have occasionally abandoned the creed of the Ikhwn leadership by pronouncing takfr upon regimes that rule by manmade law, declaring enmity towards such regimes, and censuring participation in secular governance. Some members also called to jihd being obligatory upon every Muslim of the era, especially jihd against these murtadd regimes and the kfir invaders. These calls were rejected by the Ikhwn, thus the adherents to these beliefs would abandon the party or face censure, marginalization, and expulsion if these individuals did not retract. 6 It is not permissible to make tafkr of a Muslim due to sins like murder, fornication, and the drinking of alcohol. The problem with al-Bann's words and those of his followers is the application of the rule to deeds that are major kufr in and of themselves, such as mocking the religion, worshiping the dead, ruling by manmade laws, and aiding the kuffr against the Muslims. The mere perpetrator of such deeds is a murtadd without a doubt.

Ikhwn-sympathizer Ab Mus`ab as-Sr
The Jihd Claimants and the Ikhwn
This is the blatant deviance of the Ikhwn, and yet it was able to penetrate "Salaf" movements decades ago. From the first of these movements was what later became known as the Surriyyah, a name derived from the movement's top "ideologue," the historian Muhammad Surr. In the first manifestation of the Surriyyah, they condemned tght regimes and warned against participation in shirk elections, but they avoided the issues of takfr and jihd. However, when several murtadd "Islamist" parties partook in the Algerian elections of "1991," the Surriyyah quickly changed their position on the issue, backing these parties in the shirk elections. They then began escalating the tone of their propaganda against the mujhidn. Following September 11th and the operations in the Arabian Peninsula thereafter, the Surriyyah made amends with the tawght, especially those of the Saudi family. Those Surriyyah who had been banned from entering countries usurped by the tawght were allowed to return to partake in the war against the mujhidn. The Surr phenomenon was followed by the phenomenon of "Hizb al-Ummah"

40 FEATURE

(the Ummah Party) led by Hkim al-Mutayr. It also tried to incorporate aspects of the Ikhwn methodology into "Salafiyyah." Ikhwn "Salafiyyah" ultimately found its way into the ranks of al-Q'idah, as many of its leaders continued to hold Ikhwn and Ikhwn-oriented "scholars" with esteem.
In this respect, examples can be found in numerous writings of jihd claimants. Ab Mus'ab as-Sr, for example, said, "The Muslim Brotherhood movement is truly as they claim the `mother group' that gave birth to the majority of the fundamentalist political movements and even many of the jihd movements in the Arab and Islamic world" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].
He also said, "The Muslim Brotherhood movement was the main natural incubator from which it was possible for jihd thought to spread, for the da'wah of Hasan al-Bann was an appropriate environment for such development. Nothing shows such as much as the Brotherhood slogan that described the Ikwn methodology in brief: `Allah is our goal. The Messenger is our role model. The Qur'n is our constitution. Jihd is our path. Death for Allah's cause is our greatest aspiration' ... Its initial jihd practices were also a proof of it being the appropriate incubator for the birth of the jihd movement and ideology from its womb" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].
He also said, "The aspect of jihd creed was present in most of these calls [for comprehensive reform] and there is nothing more indicative of this than the famous slogan of the mother and heart of all the Islamic movements ­ the call of the Muslim Brotherhood and the various movements it gave birth to in the Arab and Islamic world ... I cannot find in the eloquent works of any author of this modern Ummah who more comprehensively gathered the basis of the jihd creed as it was gathered in the Ikhwn's slogan, which encompassed all aspects, principles, and branches of the religion" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].
He also said, "The revolutionary ideology of the jihd movement and its first

ideological incubator ­ I mean the ideology of the Muslim Brotherhood ­ mainly entered the Arab and Islamic world from Egypt and Syria. This organizational ideology that was formed inside the Muslim Brotherhood movement...was one of the two halves of the composition of the ideology of the modern jihd movement" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].
Thus, as-Sr considers the Ikhwn to be the revivers of jihd in the era, as if he is ignorant of the fact that all their efforts were spent to serve democracy! His sentiment was echoed by adh-Dhawhir, who said, "Shaykh Hasan al-Bann, may Allah have mercy upon him, was without a doubt a pioneering symbol of the Islamic movement. Allah blessed him with martyrdom. We ask Allah to accept it from him and to accept from him the rest of his righteous deeds. Allah alone knows the extent of love and respect that I have for him in my heart ... Shaykh Hasan al-Bann, may Allah have mercy upon him, also planted the seed of jihd in the modern Islamic movement" [Al-Hisd al-Murr]. He also said, "I dedicate the reward of this work to...the imm, the reviver of the Islamic reawakening Hasan al-Bann, who took the youth from the realm of recreation and play to the battlefields of jihd" [Shadh al-Qaranfult].
The problem does not stop at the jihd claimants considering the Ikhwn to be behind the revival of jihd, it also includes excusing the Ikhwn apostates. As-Sr said, "As for the practitioners of democracy, then they are of different types. Thus, the rule upon them differs. But in general, I believe in the opinion that says that those who believe the philosophy and legislations of democracy to be kufr and contrary to the creed of Islam and religion of tawhd but practice it under the pretense of being weak and it being the only available means to achieve interests they believe to serve the da'wah, Islam, and
The soldier of the Pakistani puppet Akhtar Mansr

41

the Muslims and that it is the viable way to reach the implementation of the Shar'ah in these circumstances and abolish what opposes the Shar'ah, or that it is the potential path to declare the truth, command the good, forbid the evil, and pass the voice of truth to the Ummah, and so forth, then the sincere people amongst them are excused in their practice of democracy and joining of its institutions due to their wrong misunderstanding" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah]!
Thus, the jihd claimants consider these murtaddn and tawght to be Muslims, as was the stance of adh-Dhawhir on Morsi and his followers. The jihd claimants also call to greater cooperation with and respect of the Ikhwn.
As-Sr said, "The Jihd Creed and the Constitution of the International Islamic Resistance Call: ... Article 19: The international Islamic call considers the efforts of all the sincere ones within the Islamic awakening ­ the da'wah, reform, educational, religious, and other efforts approved of by the Shar'ah ­ that the various schools of the Islamic awakening practice including...the Muslim Brotherhood...to be deserving of gratitude due to their preservation of the Muslims' religion and improvement of their conditions. It calls them to cooperate in righteousness and piety and to support the resistance. It considers their efforts in da'wah to Allah's religion to be a support for and solidification of the roots of resistance within this Ummah and a preservation of its composition. It calls everyone to overlook the points of difference at this stage in which the existence of all Muslims is at threat on all cultural levels" [Da'wat al-Muqwamah].
This attitude towards the Ikhwn was repeated in the official media of al-Q'idah under the leadership of adhDhawhir, most famously in "The General Guidelines for Jihd Activity" and "The Pact to Support Islam." This attitude led the jihd claimants not only to call for greater cooperation between themselves and the Ikhwn, but even to criticize those who pronounced takfr upon the Ikhwn.
For example, as-Sr criticized `Adnn `Uqlah and `Adnn's companions who together abandoned the Ikhwn and formed at-Tal'ah al-Muqtilah (the Fighting Vanguard). As-Sr said, "Harmful matters manifested in the works of at-Tal'ah. That was their inclination ­ especially `Adnn `Uqlah and some of his students ­ towards extremism, particularly after the Ikhwn took the odd path of the coalition and a new political media campaign, after the Ikhwn had solidified `Adnn's stance by their insistence on boycotting at-Tal'ah and holding enmity towards it. So `Adnn `Uqlah declared his takfr of those leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood...that approved of the National Coalition [of the "eighties"] and what it entailed of corruption. What pushed him to this was some of the truly corrupt publications of the National Coalition, which obviously included the Ikhwn! ... And despite a number of

reasonable figures standing in the face of this extreme path of takfr of others, `Adnn stuck to his conviction while having plausible claims that he would repeat regularly. He was followed by numerous members of at-Tal'ah on his opinion" [At-Thawrah al-Islmiyyah al-Jihdiyyah f Sriy].
He also described one of the "negative points" in the "experience of at-Tal'ah" as being, "The inclination of at-Tal'ah towards extremism in its last days as a result of the Ikhwn and Iraqi boycott, the conspiracy of all parties against it, and what it clearly faced of oppression and violence. This extremism was a constant trait of everyone who belonged to at-Tal'ah. The Ikhwn media played a major role in exaggerating this extremism to use it against at-Tal'ah, but undoubtedly at-Tal'ah had some obvious extremism. Probably the most extreme of what it delved into was the conviction that `Adnn `Uqlah and some of his companions reached in pronouncing takfr upon those of the Muslim Brotherhood...who gave verdicts in support of the National Coalition and approved of it as an idea and program. He would pronounce takfr upon everyone to whom the condition of the coalition was proved and then insisted upon his loyalty to the leadership and its coalition. `Adnn `Uqlah had some claims for his conviction found in the publications of the coalition and the statements of some of the Ikhwn, especially `Adnn Sa'd ad-Dn, who said in one of his interviews that he considered the members of the Iraqi Baath party ­ the rightwing Aflaq party ­ to be Muslims and its leadership to be religious. Rather, Sa'd ad-Dn declared on more than one occasion his conviction that Saddam Hussein is Muslim and his regime is Islamic! Rather, Sa'd ad-Dn even criticized those youth who described Saddam with kufr and requested these youth repent from such beliefs. Still, despite these statements giving claim for `Adnn `Uqlah's conviction, undoubtedly the generalization he adopted was extreme!" [At-Thawrah al-Islmiyyah al-Jihdiyyah f Sriy].
Here as-Sr criticizes `Adnn `Uqlah

42 FEATURE

for pronouncing takfr upon the Syrian Brotherhood for joining a nationalist coalition working to establish a secular, democratic state! Thus it is not surprising after this discussion to see the jihd claimants in Shm and elsewhere side with the Ikhwn and Surr apostate factions against the mujhidn of the Islamic State under the pretense that the muhjirn and ansr are khawrij! Or in the former words of the deviant liar Abu Qatdah al-Filistn, who spoke the truth when he exposed Ikhwn ignorance of tawhd and then said, "Thus is any good expected of the Brotherhood party?! Can one expect from them any revival of what has collapsed of the great building of Islam?! What is even stranger are those who believe that the ideology of Hasan al-Bann is the revivalist methodology for the Ummah in this era, while these people claim to be followers of the Salaf and Salafiyyah and raise the slogan of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jam'ah! What is even stranger are those who claim to have jihd methodology while believing that the difference between the Muslim Brotherhood party and the jihd groups is like the difference between Sahh al-Bukhr and Sahh Muslim! For this reason, these people never abstain from uniting with the Ikhwn, not against the apostates, but against the muwahhidn ... Rather, these people are used as a mount by the Ikhwn deviants to curse [the muwahhidn] and call them takfr" [Al-Jihd wal-Ijtihd].
Is this not what the apostate sahwt of adh-Dhawhir have fallen into in every land?

Allah's sake. Indeed, their speaker boasted in an assembly of hundreds of thousands, saying, `Be wary of turning back. Die for the sake of democracy.' They are a party that would prostrate to Ibls without hesitation if it were required to achieve seats ... The Ikhwn party...abandoned all the principles of mn...when they agreed to attribute legislative right to others besides Allah c, when they shamelessly boasted, saying, `Legislation is for the people.' They added thereafter, `We are the representatives of the people in parliament.' There is a clear contradiction in what they have said and done to the creed of the Prophets and the tawhd of the Lord of the Heavens and the Earth ... This kufr that the Ikhwn party perpetrated and made other people fall into is the result of obeying the kuffr of America and the West" [As-Silmiyyah Dn Man].
He (hafidhahullh) also said, "There is no difference between Mubarak, Qaddafi, and Ben Ali, and Morsi, Mustafa Abdul Jalil, and Rashid al-Ghannushi, as they are all tawght who rule by the same manmade laws. But the latter group is more dangerous for the Muslims" [As-Silmiyyah Dn Man].
It should be clear now to the Muslims in the West, the East, and those living inside the lands usurped by the apostates, the Jews, and the Christians, why the Brotherhood is a party of extreme apostasy and why it is thus obligatory upon the Muslims to declare the stance of takfr, bar'ah, animosity, and enmity towards this group and its members as well as its various fronts, branches, factions, "Islamic" centers, and masjid of dirr (harm)7. It is also obligatory upon every member of the party to abandon it and renounce its kufr tenets.
Likewise, it is obligatory upon all Muslims to perform hijrah to the Khilfah, which is the only body standing in the way of the Murtadd Brotherhood, the crusader masters of the Brotherhood, and the Rfidah allied to the Brotherhood, who altogether attempt to destroy the religion of Islam and replace it with an "Islam" related to the Prophet g only in as much as modern Christians and Christianity are related to the tawhd that Prophet `s n conveyed.
May Allah bring about the end of this pagan party of apostasy through the jihd of the Khilfah. mn.

Bar'ah from the Ikhwn

Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-`Adnn (hafidhahullh) said, "The Ikhwn are nothing but a secularist party with an `Islamic' cloak. Rather, they are the wickedest of the secularists. They are a party that worships seats and parliaments. They allowed themselves to struggle and die for the sake of democracy, but would not allow themselves to wage jihd and be killed for

7 Allah c prohibited prayer in masjid erected by the munfiqn. This prohibition is even more applicable when the masjid is erected by extreme apostates whose imms offer sermons and lead the people in prayer! {Do not stand [for prayer] within it ­ ever. A masjid founded on righteousness from the first day is more worthy for you to stand in. Within it are men who love to purify themselves; and Allah loves those who purify themselves} [At-Tawbah: 108].

43

Seven hundred years ago, an army led by the Mongol ruler Mahmud Ghazan invaded the lands of Shm, spreading corruption in the land and causing panic among the masses. After defeating the Muslim army at the Battle of Wd al-Khazandar, Ghazan continued his advance towards Dimashq. He would subsequently withdraw from the lands of Shm, but not before the Muslims of the land faced a severe tribulation that would test their reliance upon Allah and their trust in His promise of support and victory as the Mongol army captured Dimashq and lay siege to its citadel.
Below are selections from the words of Shaykhul-Islm Ibn Taymiyyah r recounting the nature of the fitnah that gripped the Muslims and shook them to the core as the enemy marched closer and closer to Dimashq. The shaykh draws comparisons between the Battle of al-Ahzb in the time of the Prophet g and the fitnah of Ghazan, presenting lessons for the believers that will continue to remain relevant and crucial until

the camp of mn defeats the camp of kufr once and for all.
Ibn Taymiyyah r begins by stating the importance of deriving lessons from the events that afflicted the believers before us, and the necessity of comparing our situation with theirs. "Indeed, there has occurred in this fitnah ­ by which Allah has afflicted the Muslims with this invading enemy who is outside the fold of the Shar'ah of Islam ­ similar to what had occurred with the Muslims and their enemy in the time of Allah's Messenger g ... Allah's covenants in His book and in the Sunnah of His Messenger encompass the last part of this Ummah just as they encompass its first part. Allah related the stories of the nations before us in order to serve as a lesson for us, so that we would compare our situation to their situation and measure the last nations according to the first nations."
The shaykh then goes on to divide the people into three categories with respect to their support for Allah's religion. "And the

44 HISTORY

victorious group ­ which is manifest upon the religion and not harmed by those who oppose or forsake it until the Day of Judgment ­ became apparent, for the people divided into three parties: A party striving in support of the religion, another forsaking it, and another outside the Shar'ah of Islam ... This test was a means of separation and division from Allah, {That Allah may reward the truthful for their truth and punish the hypocrites if He wills or accept their repentance. Indeed, Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful} [Al-Ahzb: 24]."
He then mentions some yt about the Battle of Uhud in order to draw comparisons between the reason for the breakdown in the Muslim ranks during the Battle of Uhud, and the reason for the breakdown in the Muslim ranks during the course of the Mongol invasion. He says, "Allah said, {Indeed, those of you who turned back on the day the two armies met, it was Shaytn who caused them to slip because of some [blame] they had earned. But Allah has already forgiven them. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Forbearing} [l `Imrn: 155]. Allah c also said, {And Allah had certainly fulfilled His promise to you when you were killing the enemy by His permission until [the time] when you lost courage and fell to disputing about the order [given by the Prophet] and disobeyed after He had shown you that which you love. Among you are some who desire this world, and among you are some who desire the Hereafter. Then he turned you back from them [defeated] that He might test you. And He has already forgiven you, and Allah is the possessor of bounty for the believers} [l `Imrn: 152]. Allah also said, {Why [is it that] when a [single] disaster struck you [on the day of Uhud], although you had struck

[the enemy in the battle of Badr] with one twice as great, you said, `From where is this?' Say, `It is from yourselves.' Indeed, Allah is over all things competent} [l `Imrn: 165]. [During the course of the battle,] the Shaytn shouted to the people, `Muhammad has been killed.' So among them were those who were shaken and fled, and among them were those who stood firm and fought. So Allah said, {Muhammad is not but a messenger. [Other] messengers have passed on before him. So if he were to die or be killed, would you turn back on your heels [to unbelief ]? And he who turns back on his heels will never harm Allah at all; but Allah will reward the grateful} [l `Imrn: 144]. And this was similar to the condition of the Muslims when they broke down last year."
He then mentioned that the defeat of the Muslims in his times was due to sins, bad intentions, boasting, conceitedness, etc., and then said, "So it was out of Allah's wisdom and His mercy upon the believers that He afflicted them with the trials He had afflicted them with, so that Allah may purify the believers and they may return to their Lord in repentance ... Just as Allah's support for the Muslims on the day of Badr was a mercy and a blessing and their defeat on the day of Uhud was a blessing and a mercy upon the believers, for indeed the Prophet g said, `Allah does not decree anything for the believer except that it is good. And this is not for anyone except the believer. If he receives good and is thankful to Allah, it is good for him, and if he is afflicted with hardship and is patient, it is good for him.'"
Shaykhul-Islm's words above are just as applicable to the Ummah today. And out of Allah's great mercy towards the Muslims, He has afflicted them with one

45

calamity after another in order to awaken them from their slumber, purify their ranks, and guide them to repent from any sins and return to Him. So if they are patient with any calamity that afflicts them, it will be a mercy and blessing, by Allah's permission.
Ibn Taymiyyah r then divides the people into three categories with respect to their mn and begins outlining the traits of the munfiqn. It is of paramount importance to be able to recognize the munafiqn, for they always rear their ugly heads and make their voices heard loudest when fitnah emerges. It is also important to know their traits and habits as described in the Qur'n and Sunnah because many people might fall into some nifq during times of fitnah without even realizing it, and knowing these traits to avoid them will help one protect himself from imitating the munfiqn and following their corrupt path, as has occurred with many of those apostates who were previously treading the path of knowledge and jihd and are now standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the secularists in their parliaments of shirk and their nationalist factions. The shaykh states, "And the people were divided in [this battle of ours] just as they were divided in the year of al-Khandaq (i.e. the Battle of al-Ahzb). And this is because ever since Allah sent Muhammad g and honored him with the Hijrah and with the support he received, the people became divided into three groups: A believing group, and they are those who believed in him outwardly and inwardly, a disbelieving group, and they are those who made their disbelief in him apparent, and a munfiq group,

and they are those who believed in him outwardly, not inwardly."
The shaykh then describes the duplicity of the various murtadd Btin sects present in his time, such as the Kharamiyyah, the Btiniyyah, the Qarmitah, the Ism'liyyah, and the Nusayriyyah. He states, "And many of the munfiqn1 of these times leaned towards the Tatars' state (i.e. the Mongols) because they do not obligate upon them the Shar'ah of Islam. Rather, they leave them and that which they are upon. Some of them flee from the Tatars not for the sake of the religion but only due to the Tatars' track record of corruption in Duny-related matters, their confiscation of wealth, and their unrestrained bloodshed and enslavement." Unfortunately, some of what Ibn Taymiyyah has mentioned here in his description of the members of the Btin sects also applies to many Muslims today. They flee the opportunity for jihd and establishment of Shar'ah out of fear for their Duny. However, if they feared for their mn, they would defend the Muslim lands against the murtaddn. Wallhul-musta'n.
The shaykh then mentions one of the major traits of the munfiqn: "And also included in this topic is
1 Note that Ibn Taymiyyah's attribution of nifq (hypocrisy) to these Btin sects is merely linguistic, as they make the claim of Islam while contradicting its reality. He does not mean that they are to be viewed as mere munfiqn who are generally treated as Muslims. Rather, these sects openly practice kufr and shirk, and as such, the ruling on these sects is that they are murtaddn, as the shaykh himself mentions in several of his famous works.

46 HISTORY

turning away from jihd, for it is from among the traits of the munfiqn. The Prophet g said, `Whoever dies without having fought and without having made the intention to fight, dies upon a branch of nifq' [Reported by Muslim]."
He then discusses Srat at-Tawbah, stating, "And this srah was revealed during the last of the Prophet's battles g, the Battle of Tabk in the 9th year after the Hijrah when Islam had become strong and manifest. Allah exposed therein the condition of the munfiqn, described them as being cowards and abandoning jihd, and described them as withholding from spending for the cause of Allah and being stingy with their wealth."
It's important to note that Allah's exposure of the cowardly and stingy nature of the munfiqn with this srah ­ also named "al-Fdihah" (the shamer) as mentioned by Ibn `Abbs k ­ came with respect to the Battle of Tabk, which was an offensive jihd. So how much more does the label of nifq apply to those who abandon jihd today when the lands of the Muslims are being attacked from all directions by the enemies of Allah and are dominated by shirk laws and constitutions imposed and enforced by the crusaders and their puppets! Such Muslims should fear having their names recorded in history as those who abandoned jihd at one of the Ummah's most critical junctures, and should fear the day when they will stand before Allah with the entire creation bearing witness as they are made to answer for such a disgraceful and humiliating deed. Certainly the one who shamed and exposed the munfiqn in this Duny for abandoning the offensive jihd during the life of the Prophet g without any valid reasons is capable of equally shaming and exposing those who abandon the defensive jihd today without any valid excuses.
Shaykhul-Islm then states, "Thus, part of the meaning of `believer' and `munfiq' has become clear. So if a person reads Srat al-Ahzb and learns ­ from what has been transmitted in Hadth,

Tafsr, Fiqh, and the Srah ­ the description of the situation in which the Qur'n was revealed, and then ponders this event in light of that one, he will see the truth of what we've mentioned; that the people have divided ­ in this current incident ­ into the three groups just as they divided in that past [incident]."
And likewise today, the people are divided into three groups with respect to the establishment of the Islamic State and the return of khilfah upon the prophetic methodology: A group that supports the revival of the Khilfah and the implementation of the Shar'ah, a group that wages war against the Khilfah and the Shar'ah, and a third group that claims to be in support of establishing the Khilfah and implementing the Shar'ah but seems to think that this can only come about by abandoning jihd, fear-mongering, and criticizing the mujhidn over any perceived shortcomings.
Shaykhul-Islm then briefly recounts the story of the battle of alAhzb and describes the situation in Shm. He then mentions the statement of Allah {[Remember] when they came at you from above you and from below you, and when eyes shifted [in fear], and hearts reached the throats and you assumed about Allah [various] assumptions. There the believers were tested and shaken with a severe shaking} [Al-Ahzb: 10-11], and then states, "The enemy came from both sides of the elevated region of Shm ... So the people's eyes shifted in fear and their hearts reached their throats due to the greatness of the affliction, especially when the news spread that the Muslim army had left for Egypt and the enemy drew closer to Dimashq. The people had various presumptions about Allah. This one thought that no one from the army of Shm would stand and face them and they would eradicate the people of Shm, and this one thought that if they stood before them [the Mongols] would completely break them

47

and surround them just as the moon is surrounded by a glow, and this one thought that they could no longer reside in the land of Shm and that it would no longer be a land of Islam, and this one thought that [the Mongols] would take [Shm] and then proceed to Egypt and capture it and no one would stand in their way so he contemplated fleeing to Yemen and other such places, and this one ­ thinking somewhat positively ­ said, `They will rule [Shm] this year as they ruled it in the year of Hulagu in 657 [Hijr]. Then the army may come out from Egypt and rescue it from them just as it came out that year.' And this is the assumption of the best among them."
Just as the people of Shm began assuming the worst when facing the fitnah of the Mongols, so too do many Muslims today assume the worst when facing the fitnah of the tawght and the crusaders, even apostatizing because of these assumptions! Despite the return of the Khilfah, the establishment of the Shar'ah, the expansion of the Islamic State's territory, and the massacre of countless murtaddn at the hands of its soldiers, many of the Syrian factions ­ including the so-called "Islamic" ones ­ continue to behave as if Bashar can't possibly be defeated by a group of Muslims relying solely upon Allah for victory. These factions, rather than placing their trust in Allah and fighting for His cause, presume the worst about Allah and act on their negative presumptions by begging the crusaders to supply them with weapons and establish a no-fly zone. In exchange for crusader and tght support, these factions cooperate with the kuffr against the muhjirn and ansr of the Islamic State. The tawakkul of these factions upon the kuffr has reduced them to accepting negotiations with the Nusayr regime for a "peaceful transition" towards a new tght government.
Ibn Taymiyyah r then states, "Allah c said, {And when a faction of them said, `O people of Yathrib, there is no place for you [here], so return [home]'} [Al-Ahzb: 13]. The Prophet g had encamped with the Muslims at Mount Sila' and placed the trench between him and the enemy. A group from among the munfiqn said, `There is no place for you to take up position here due to the large numbers of the enemy, so return to Madnah.' And it was said [that the meaning is], `You have no ability to remain upon the religion of Muhammad, so return to the religion of shirk.' And it was said [that the meaning is], `You have no ability to fight, so consider being protected under their authority.' And likewise, when this enemy came, there were those from among the munfiqn who said, `The Islamic state is no longer standing, so the appropriate thing to do is to enter into the state of the Tatars.' And some people said, `We can no longer

reside in the land of Shm. Rather, we will move to al-Hijz and Yemen or to Egypt.' And some of them said, `Rather, the general interest lies in surrendering to them and placing ourselves under their authority just as the people of Iraq surrendered to them.' These three statements were uttered during this incident just as they were uttered during that incident. This is what a group of the munfiqn and those in whose hearts is disease said to the people of Dimashq specifically and to the people of Shm in general: You have no ability to remain in this land."
These statements of the munfiqn have also been repeated in our era by the various apostate sahwah factions and their ideologues. They casted doubts on the mujhidn's ability to face the disbelievers, even warning that Mosul would fall and advising the women to leave the city. Others, meanwhile, continued to insist upon their manhaj of "pragmatism," claiming that it's not "pragmatic" to try to fight the kuffr head-on, and that the Muslims ought to conceal their intention to implement the Shar'ah and should take part in democracy in order to gain power. This, of course, is no different than the statement of the munfiqn mentioned above, "You have no ability to remain upon the religion of Muhammad, so return to the religion of shirk." Yet others believed that they lacked the ability to fight the crusaders, so they instead resorted to seeking the aid and protection of those very crusaders against another enemy, even if doing so entailed cooperating with the crusaders against Muslims!
Shaykhul-Islm then describes those who are not merely satisfied with abandoning jihd and will take it upon themselves to also discourage others from fighting for the cause of Allah. In our times, this even reaches the extent that parents are willing to notify the kfir authorities and have them arrest their own children and imprison them for decades in order to stop them from joining the mujhidn. In describing those who discourage others from jihd for the cause of Allah, Ibn Taymiyyah r states, "Allah c said, {Already Allah knows the hinderers among you and those [hypocrites] who say to their brothers, `Come to us'} [Al-Ahzb: 18]. The scholars said, `From among the munfiqn [during the Battle of al-Ahzb] were those who returned from the trench and entered Madnah. If anyone came to them they would say to him, `Woe to you! Stay here and don't head out.' And they would also write such messages to their brothers in the [Muslim] army, saying, `Come to us in Madnah, for we are waiting for you,' thereby discouraging them from fighting.'"
Shaykhul-Islm then discusses another trait of the munfiqn alluded to in the yah {But when fear departs, they lash you with sharp tongues} [Al-Ahzb:

48 HISTORY

19], which is their harsh disparagement of the mujhidn, including their insulting them and declaring them to be insane or deluded. He states, "And at times they say, `You ­ with your small numbers and weakness ­ want to break the enemy. Indeed, your religion has deluded you,' just as Allah c said, {[Remember] when the hypocrites and those in whose hearts was disease said, `Their religion has deluded those [Muslims].' But whoever relies upon Allah ­ then indeed, Allah is Exalted in Might and Wise} [Al-Anfl: 49]. And at times they say, `You are insane and have no intelligence. You want to destroy yourselves and destroy the people along with you.' And at times they make other types of harsh, harmful statements."
Ibn Taymiyyah r then mentions the statement of Allah, {They think the companies have not [yet] withdrawn. And if the companies should come [again], they would wish they were in the desert among the Bedouins, inquiring [from afar] about your news} [Al-Ahzb: 20]. This is like the case of those who remain behind from jihd and are content following the news on a regular basis in order to stay on top of current affairs. They think themselves to be well-informed but the reality is that they are often as ignorant as Bedouins concerning the affairs of the mujhidn, with many of them relying on the slan-

derous kfir media as their primary source of information on jihd.
Ibn Taymiyyah r then discusses the meaning of being truthful in one's claim to mn. He mentions the yah, {Among the believers are men true to what they promised Allah. Among them is he who has fulfilled his vow [to the death]} [Al-Ahzb: 23], and the yah, {The believers are only the ones who have believed in Allah and His Messenger and then doubt not but strive with their properties and their lives in the cause of Allah. It is those who are the truthful} [Al-Hujurt: 15]. He then states, "So He (Allah) confined mn to the mujhid believers and informed that they are the ones who are truthful in stating, `We believe.'"
Having previously mentioned the traits of the munfiqn, Shaykhul-Islm then notes that despite their evil they can still be forgiven if they repent before it's too late. He states, "As for the munfiqn, they are between two matters: Either He punishes them or He accepts their repentance. This is the condition of the people concerning al-Khandaq and concerning these invaders. Also, Allah c afflicted the people with this fitnah that He may reward the truthful for their truthfulness ­ and they are those who remained firm and patient in order to support Allah and His Messenger ­ and punish the munfiqn if He wills or accept their repentance."
May Allah protect the believers from the plots of the hypocrites. mn.

49

Ab Jandal al-Bangl (may Allah accept him) was among the few muwahhidn who emigrated from the land of Bengal to the blessed land of Shm by Allah's grace.
Ab Jandal grew up in Dhaka and came from an affluent family with deep connections in the Bengali military. His father was a murtadd officer of the tght forces and was killed during an internal mutiny of "Bangladesh" border guards in "2009." Ab Jandal would occasionally say about him, "My father died for the sake of tght but I wish to die for the sake of Allah alone." He remained truthful in his words with Allah and searched for shahdah with sincerity, and Allah was truthful with him and granted him what he eagerly desired. We consider him so, and Allah is his judge.
During his late teens, Ab Jandal received the true call of Islam. He began listening to the lectures of Shaykh Anwar al-`Awlaq (may Allah accept him) and other scholars who were upon the truth. He had a strong zeal for seeking beneficial knowledge. He used to recite the Qur'n daily and contemplate on the meanings of the verses. He used to regularly study the Arabic language and books of `aqdah authored by Ibn Taymiyyah r and Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb r. He was also a devout worshiper. He was regular in performing qiym every night as well as the daily Sunnah prayers, and would also urge other brothers around him to perform qiym. In addition to his personal worship, he also used to financially support the local mujhidn in Bengal in addition to the Muslim prisoners there to the best of his ability. He was a young brother who would hasten toward performing good deeds at the earliest opportunity.

When the Khilfah was declared in Shm, Ab Jandal was among the first of the muwahiddn in Bengal to support the Islamic State and pledge his allegiance to the Khalfah (hafidhahullh). He was very active in spreading the message of tawhd and khilfah among the brothers around him, and as the call for hijrah was intensified in the Islamic State media, Ab Jandal was not satisfied with simply talking the talk with his friends or on various social media platforms but rather, decided to actually walk the walk in the path of Allah and perform hijrah to the Islamic State.
Ab Jandal faced many obstacles on his path for hijrah. His plan was to feign travel to an engineering conference in the Middle East as a cover for his hijrah. He would need a reference letter from his college confirming his claim that he was traveling for the purpose of attending the conference, but the problem was that he had already stopped attending classes at the college due to the sinful environment that existed there. Furthermore, as a young, unemployed student he didn't have the financial means to pay for his flight nor the conference fees. Despite his situation, he maintained firm conviction in the promise of Allah, who said, {And whoever fears Allah ­ He will make for him a way out and will provide for him from where he does not expect. And whoever relies upon Allah ­ then He is sufficient for him} [At-Talq: 2-3]. And so Allah facilitated for him solutions from places he hadn't expected. Placing his trust in Allah alone, Ab Jandal was able to forge a reference letter from his college, and Allah blinded the eyes of the murtaddn, who didn't notice the obvious signs of forgery in both the stamp and the signature in the reference letter. He was also able to acquire the money needed to cover his

50 SHUHAD'

expenses in an equally cunning manner. Thus, with the mercy of Allah, Ab Jandal was able to proceed on his hijrah to Shm. He walked towards Allah, and Allah came running to him, as He had promised the believers.
When the news leaked that Ab Jandal had left the country for the Middle East and had not attended the conference, his murtadd maternal uncle, who is connected with Bengali military intelligence agency DGFI (Directorate General of Forces Intelligence), tried his best to prevent him from entering Shm. Despite the efforts of his uncle and the DGFI, however, Ab Jandal, by Allah's grace, succeeded in entering Shm with great ease, underscoring what the Prophet g had said to the young companion `Abdullh Ibn `Abbs j, "Know that if the whole world were to gather together in order to benefit you something, they would not be able to benefit you with anything other than that which Allah had written for you. And if they were to gather together in order to harm you with something, they would not be able to harm you except with that which Allah had written against you" [Reported by at-Tirmidh].
Upon entering the blessed land of Shm, his heart was full of joy, and he became the youngest brother among the Bengali muhjirn. As soon as he joined the training camp, he informed the trainer that he wanted to carry out an istishhd operation and added his name to the list. He was always cheerful and smiling. While awaiting his turn to carry out an istishhd operation, he joined a battalion and was stationed in ribt in `Ayn al-Islm. Despite his ribt and fighting, his heart was always concerned for the brothers in his former homeland and the progress of jihd there. He dreamed of Bengal becoming a frontline for the Islamic State and a graveyard for the murtaddn. When he would come back to the city from ribt, he would rush to the brothers and inquire about the progress in Bengal.
He also used to give sincere nashah to the brothers here, and despite growing up in a wealthy family, he always tried to distance himself from city life, preferring instead the toils of jihd. Before leaving to partake in one of the battles in `Ayn `s, he informed a brother that he did not want to stay in the city and was trying to move to the mountains of Wilyat Dimashq. At the time, Ramadn was approaching, and his heart was attached to shahdah. He told the brothers with him of his desire for shahdah and prayed that Allah would accept him in the month of Ramadn. He then left for the battle in `Ayn `s as an inghims. During the course of the operation, he was shot by a 23mm autocannon. The medical team evacuated him from the battlefield and attempted to give him first aid, but he died due to excessive bleeding. The doctor on duty

informed the brothers with him that before his last breath he pronounced the shahdah.
Prior to heading out for the inghims operation, Ab Jandal wrote the following letter to his brothers in Islam:
"In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. All praise is due to Allah, Lord of the Universe, the only one worthy of worship, the only one whose laws will prevail all over the world, the only one in whom the believers should put their trust and hope. To proceed."
"This is a sincere message from your beloved brother living in the blessed lands of the Islamic State. Verily it is Allah's laws and the sacrifice of the brothers that makes a land blessed. Y ikhwn fillh, four or five months ago I was in the same position as you. I didn't have any plan as to how to avoid the fitnah surrounding me. I didn't know how I would ever be able to do jihd f sablillh. I thought that all my family and friends would boycott me. I was drowning in the same obstacles that you might be going through now. But it is only the promise of Allah, the promise of that Garden in which rivers flow, that kept me going. And it was enough, insh'allh."
"The following are some points of nashah, which I am trying hard to follow and would hope that you, my beloved brothers, would also try to follow. Please note that it is just my duty to give sincere advice to you. Otherwise, I am too small and too sinful to give you advice." ˇ "Qiym al-layl. Y akh, it had been the solution for
the Sahbah, has been the solution for the brothers, and it will be the same for you, insh'allh. Try getting up 15 minutes before Fajr and praying two raka'ah of qiym al-layl. When you get used to it, then increase by 15 minutes. Is this so hard?" ˇ "Try to make the Qur'n your best companion. Read it, listen to it, memorize it, spend much time with it, apply it. It is better than gossiping with the brothers." ˇ "Try to do regular physical exercise at home. Don't skip this point." Indeed, Ab Jandal was among those brothers who were not satisfied with merely reaching the lands of the Khilfah and partaking in jihd for the cause of Allah. One can see from his letter that despite being involved in jihd, one of the greatest acts of sacrifice and worship, he continually sought to improve himself and strengthen his relationship with his Lord. May Allah accept him among the shuhad' and inspire many more through his words and deeds.

51

"In a belated response to the executions of my former cellmates last year, America has formally changed its policy on ransoms for hostages. It's clear that violence is the only message they will respond to."
It is a truth that I have a perspective of the international hostage crisis that exploded so violently onto the front pages of the world's media in 2014 that nobody else has. It's not something I'm especially proud of, but I know more about what happened after the last European went home than anybody else alive. I don't think or talk much about what happened back then. I have moved on both physically and mentally and have tried to put it behind me. We cannot live forever in the past. But it was an entirely avoidable sequence of events that will be stained forever with the blood of my former cellmates and remains a pillar of shame for the governments involved. Nothing will ever change the way America and Britain cynically left their people to die while every other nation got their citizens home.
The fallout clearly had serious ramifications in the West as well, because the announcement last year that the USA has changed its policy on hostage negotiations came as a surprise. Suddenly it was okay for families to discuss ransoms running into the millions of dollars when less than a year before this policy shift any folk that tried to do so ­ and Diane Foley and the others certainly tried ­ were threatened with prosecution by national security agents. I've heard no word on Britain's stance on the same subject but since they meekly do whatever America does a little further down the road, then it's quite possible they have now changed their position as well.
52 SPECIAL

It's a little weird re-visiting all of this more than a year and a half later, but it's important to reflect on what history has clearly shown was one of the bloodiest and worst-handled hostage crises in modern times. This was not just my observation but a sentiment aired by journalists in other pieces published on the matter subsequently.
The stupidity of hardline non-negotiation was obvious at the time as my cellmates were beheaded one after the other. Since most countries choose to negotiate, either above or below the table (and everyone chooses to deal below), then by being the hardliner who does not agree to talk, all you're doing is condemning your imprisoned citizens to death. Nothing more. You're not making a big political stand because the whole thing's invisible and not in the media, you're not showing the world how tough you are for the same reasons, in fact you're not making any difference to the global position on hostage-taking whatsoever. The captors don't check your passport when they grab you and say, "Oh look, this one's British. We better let him go and just keep all the French instead." It doesn't work like that.
All you're doing is just condemning citizens who have gotten themselves into a sticky situation for the sake of a few million dollars which ­ let's be honest ­ doesn't go very far in today's world. The Islamic State pumps millions of dollars a day in oil revenue so they don't even need the proceeds from ransoms and haven't for quite some time. I don't claim to speak for them, but I believe it's reasonable to say that the mujhidn continue to seek ransoms only to uphold an order dictated in the Qur'n. {When you meet those

who disbelieve, strike their necks until, when you have inflicted slaughter upon them, then secure their bonds, and either confer favor afterwards or ransom them until the war lays down its burdens} [Muhammad: 4].
Make no mistake about it, the mujhidn follow the Qur'n to the letter, say what they mean, and mean what they say. They don't play games, a fact that was not lost on the European countries whose citizens were prisoners. America, on the other hand, chose to glibly ignore the disaster that was coming their way and today spends more in one day of dropping bombs over the Islamic State as it would have taken to get 26 year-old Kayla Mueller home. Thanks to US policy at the time, all her family got instead was evidence that she was killed by a coalition bomb in ar-Raqqah and a candlelight vigil at their hometown of Prescott, Arizona.
So a few months back I watched with interest a 27-minute documentary entitled "The Cost of Living" that was aired on ABC Australia last June. The presenter of the program, Jonathan Holmes, interviewed one of my former cellmates, Frenchman Nicholas Henin. Nic was a peculiar fish but I rather enjoyed his company because he was quiet and said completely weird things. One of my favourite Nic-isms was when he got a sound thrashing from a guard for throwing bread down the toilet and he announced to the room in a high-pitched voice, who had just watched him sail past the door on his head before getting a pretty decent one-two in front of all of us, that "I have just been beeeeeee-ten!" Ah, such happy days.
When they got home the four French went on

Nicholas Henin

53

public display like returning war heroes. Nic, like all the other French, Spanish, Italian, German, and Danish prisoners, had gone home for a bit of loose change that his government found in its pocket and paid via a "proxy." This is normally a wealthy businessman who acts as a financial buffer so there's no actual link directly to the government in question and they can say ­ no word of a lie ­ that they did not pay the hostage-takers. I have no idea if payment is made electronically these days or whether it's bundles of used $50 notes in an old Adidas kitbag, but it matters not.
Cue lots of happy photos and news clips as the prisoners go home and are reunited with their loved ones. There are tears, hugs, smiles and, if you're French, an insincere kiss on the cheek from the president. The media love it, the public feels good about their country, the ex-prisoners are so thankful to be alive, and everyone is united in anger at those "horrid hostage-takers" who would do such a "foul thing" in the first place. Governments pay marketing companies like Saatchi & Saatchi millions to generate such positive PR.
Now compare that to the tirade of public anger and bitterness that erupted onto the scene when James Foley was executed on 18 August 2014. "Great, captured on Thanksgiving day, killed on my mom's birthday," he said quietly, minutes before he was led out. We'd all had our heads shaved early that morning and it was clear something was up. "It's just a video, be good for all of us," said James. "No," I replied. "This isn't just a video."
94% of America heard about Foley's death. It became the biggest news story of the year as pictures of his killing and the others that followed were beamed

around the world. Nobody had ever seen anything like it, certainly not on this scale and it made the front page of every newspaper and TV headline in the world. Initially the anger was directed at the mujhidn for conducting the executions, but very soon it became clear the governments involved could have done a great deal more to get their people out and all eyes turned towards them. The deaths were a result of the actions ­ or rather complete inaction ­ of the American and British politicians.
"There was very quickly a very big difference between how the French and Spanish governments responded," says New York Times journalist Rukmini Callimachi when interviewed for the program. "Whereas the Americans were dragging their feet and telling Mrs. Foley, `We don't pay, ask for another proof of life, etc.,' the others were going into negotiation mode and saying, `Okay, 100 million, 50 million, that's out of the question. Let's talk more reasonably.'"
I saw a few emails between the Islamic State negotiators and some of the American families at the time. The desperation and pleading for more time by mothers as they singlehandedly tried to facilitate the freeing of prisoners held in "black site" US prisons in exchange for their sons was awful to read and testament to just how little their government had done or even discussed with them as the clock ticked relentlessly down. Just days before he was killed, Steven Sotloff's mother was still, impossibly, trying to get Obama to discuss the freeing of Dr. Aafia Siddiqui in exchange for Steven's life. One mum versus an entire government. Of course, she lost.
"The FBI had communications intercept, they had aerial surveillance, they had almost certainly human resources on the ground in Syria," says Global Post boss Philip Balboni in the program, the media agency Foley worked for. "So there was without doubt a lot of information available to them. Nothing, in the entire period of time that Jim was alive, did a single piece of information come back to us. But the thing that really infuriated Diana and John Foley was the threat that was delivered by a member of the national security council on a conference call with other hostage families." The threat was simple: if you try to raise

54 SPECIAL

a ransom to save your son's life, you could face charges for funding terrorism.
Perhaps the simplest way to examine the woeful inadequacy of American and British hostage policy compared to, say, the French approach is to look at everything that's happened over the last 18 months and suggest if the US and UK "tough guy" stance changed things for the better; if by not negotiating in any way when the others did that they somehow improved their political or military situation against the Islamic State. Let's look at the facts.
For example, by not paying a ransom, forbidding the families to even try and refusing to discuss a prisoner exchange with the Islamic State for the lives of my five previous cellmates, did those decisions by Obama and Cameron prevent the Caliphate expanding its borders east and west? No. Did those decisions stop affiliate Islamic groups in the Sinai Peninsula, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Nigeria, and Libya from declaring allegiance to the Caliphate, thereby creating the largest Shar'ah governance ever seen in the modern world? No. Did it stop the Islamic State pushing back the feeble Iraqi army and capturing most of Anbar province while the Shia dropped their guns and fled? No. Did it stop America spending billions of dollars on the air campaign thus far and deploying thousands of advisory troops in a country they departed in 2011? No. And did it stop attacks by mujhidn in Texas, New York, Tunisia, and California throughout 2015 that have left dozens of Britons and Americans killed or wounded? Absolutely not.
France got all their prisoners home and continue to be attacked on French soil, so the evidence is damning. By choosing not to negotiate in any way with the mujhidn, all America and Britain did was get six of their citizens slaughtered for no reason whatsoever other than arrogant bloody-mindedness. I recall an interview that David Cameron gave to Sky news regarding the upcoming deadline on Briton David Haines in August 2014. He knew, 100% knew, that David was going to be beheaded like the others, yet Cameron was so aloof and proud. "We don't pay ransoms," he said. "Our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time and we're doing everything we can [i.e. nothing], but any country that does pay is

simply funding terrorism," he said, taking a swipe at the countries who had gotten their people out.
And yet the fact is they could have gotten them all home no problem, both Americans and British, and their war against the Islamic State would have taken exactly the same course that it has today. The events of the last year and a half have proven this statement to be true.
"We have four dead young Americans, and all the European hostages are alive. All of them back with their families," says Philip Balboni. "That's a stark difference. The US and UK governments need to reflect on the outcome, and not just the simple policy they can uphold and try to feel proud of. The outcome here was not good, and it needs to be better."
After the so-called "propaganda" videos I did for the Islamic State in 2014, there's some gratification in seeing America change their arrogant and thoughtless policy towards prisoner negotiations. If it's now okay for families to discuss the paying of ransoms and the raising thereof, maybe the government will actually help them pay, under the table, of course, and all hush-hush. It's all down to the labors of the Kassig, Sotloff, and Foley families and their supporters, but perhaps my outraged words helped in some tiny way.
Peter Kassig wasn't the easiest guy to get along with in prison, but when he knew his time was coming, he became quiet and reflective. A few days before he died, he said, "Maybe after I'm dead, somehow something good will come of it."
His death, and the deaths of the others, shamed America into change. But the shedding of their blood could have been so easily avoided in the first place.

55

I n the Words Of the Enemy
On "29 January 2016," Ban Ki-moon ­ tght of the divided "United Nations" ­ released a lengthy report on the revived Khilfah. He had the following to say: "The present report is submitted...to provide an initial strategic-level report that demonstrates and reflects the gravity of the threat posed to international peace and security by Islamic State..."
"In less than two years, ISIL has captured large swathes of territory in both Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic, which it administers through a sophisticated, quasi-bureaucratic revenue generating structure that is sufficiently flexible and diversified to compensate for declines in income from single revenue streams ... It uses its financial resources to support ongoing military campaigns, administer its territories and fund the expansion of the conflict beyond Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic, and it has developed an extremely effective and sophisticated communications strategy to ensure that its...vision of the world resonates with a... growing number of...individuals..."
"Despite the efforts of the international community to counter ISIL through military, financial and border-security measures...ISIL continues to maintain its presence in Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic. It is also expanding the scope
56 ENEMY`S WORDS

Attacks continue

of its operations to other regions. The terrorist attacks carried out in the final months of 2015 demonstrate that it is capable of committing attacks on...targets outside the territories under its control. The extent of its reach was notably demonstrated by the suicide bombings in Beirut on 12 November 2015, the coordinated attacks in Paris on 13 November 2015 and the attacks in Jakarta by an ISIL affiliate on 14 January 2016, which closely resembled the Paris attacks..."
"The recent expansion of the ISIL sphere of influence across West and North Africa, the Middle East and South and South-East Asia demonstrates the speed and scale at which the gravity of the threat has evolved in just 18 months. The complexity of the recent attacks and the level of planning, coordination and sophistication involved raise concerns about its future evolution. Moreover, other terrorist groups...are sufficiently attracted by its underlying ideology to pledge allegiance to its so-called caliphate and self-proclaimed caliph. ISIL has also benefited from the arrival of a steady stream of foreign terrorist fighters, who continue to leave their communities to replenish its ranks. The return of these fighters from the battlefields of Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic and other conflict zones is a further major concern, as returnees can extend the presence of ISIL to their States of origin and use their skills and combat experience

to recruit additional sympathizers, establish terrorist networks and commit terrorist acts..."
The report then goes on to detail how the Khilfah implements the Shar'ah of zakh, da'wah, jihd, jizyah, hisbah, slavery, and hudd ­ referring to all these laws with terms of mockery ­ and how this Shar'ah poses a threat to "international peace and security," AKA the "new world order." Instead of yielding by realizing that the Khilfah is here to stay and will continue ruling by the Shar'ah and terrorizing its enemies, he recommended the following to the tawght of the divided "United Nations":
"The resolution of ongoing conflicts, including the Syrian conflict, would have a direct impact on the driving forces behind the recruitment of foreign terrorist fighters by ISIL ... In order to address the grave threat posed by ISIL, including the influx of foreign terrorist fighters to Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic and ISIL's extensive financing activities, it is essential to identify a political resolution to the Syrian conflict. This process will require sustained and determined international commitment and effective implementation of Security Council resolution 2254 (2015), which sets out a path towards formal intra-Syrian negotiations on a political transition process pursuant to the 2012 Geneva communiqué and a parallel nationwide ceasefire."
And thus, after the Riyadh Conference of the Saudi tght concluded, the Nusayriyyah and their atheist allies in the Democratic Forces of Syria ­ with Russian support and American consent ­ blitzkrieged across regions held by the murtadd sahwt, taking many major cities and towns through mere "negotiations" with sahwah leaders who were part of the conspiracy to achieve "a political resolution to the Syrian conflict."
Is it not time the naive soldiers of the sahwah realize the evil of the plot in which they have served, repent from their apostasy, and join the ranks of the Khilfah?

57

WITH THE AMR OF THE KHILFAH'S SOLDIERS IN BENGAL SHAYKH AB IBRHM AL-HANF

This month, Dbiq had the opportunity to interview Shaykh Ab Ibrhm al-Hanf, the amr of the Khilfah's soldiers in Bengal. We present our questions and his responses here.

DBIQ: Why did you and the soldiers with you decide to pledge allegiance to the Khilfah? SH. AB IBRHM: All praise is due to Allah, and may blessings and peace be upon the Prophet Muhammad. All praise is due to Allah who has returned the blessing of khilfah upon the prophetic methodology to the Muslim Ummah after a long period of oppression and darkness. And we thank Him day and night for accepting us ­ despite our sins and weaknesses ­ as the soldiers of that blessed khilfah, walillhil-hamd. We pledged allegiance to the Khilfah for many reasons. First, it is an obligation upon all Muslims to unite under a single Qurash imm and not remain divided. Allah says, {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [l `Imrn: 103]. This was mentioned by Shaykh Muhammad Ibn `Abdil-Wahhb r in his book "The Six Principles," in which he states that the second and third principles of the religion, after the first principle of tawhd, are to remain united

58 INTERVIEW

under one imm and to listen to and obey him. Secondly, we have seen that the Khilfah declared by the leadership of the Islamic State has fulfilled all the conditions enumerated by the scholars from among the righteous Salaf of the Ummah. The Prophet g said, "Whoever dies without having a pledge of allegiance, dies a death of jhiliyyah" [Reported by Muslim from Ibn `Umar]. Thirdly, we saw the crusaders, the Rfidah, the PKK atheists, and all the other kfir parties uniting against the Khilfah and striking it altogether from a single bow. And thus, we realized that it is an obligation upon us and the rest of the believers to join the camp of mn and fight against the kuffr, striking them altogether from a single bow as well. Allah c said, {And those who disbelieved are allies of one another. If you do not do so, there will be fitnah on earth and great corruption} [Al-Anfl: 73]. DBIQ: How was the reaction among the Muslims of Bengal towards the operations conducted by the Khilfah soldiery there? SH. AB IBRHM: The muwahiddn in Bengal were greatly supportive of our operations against the kuffr, walhamdulillh. They saw us fighting against all the kuffr in our targeting of the crusaders, the Rfidah, the Qdiyniyyah, the Hindus, the missionaries, and others, all within a short period of time. They saw that with the help of Allah, a small number of mujhidn with limited means are able to target and intimidate the various sects of kufr in any part of the region despite all the false claims of supremacy attributed to the tght

forces and designed to intimidate the believers. This brought hope to the Muslims in Bengal after a lengthy pause in jihd in the region. Thus, by the grace of Allah, the revival of A Qdiyn temple the jihd in Bengal through our operations brought happiness to the Muslims in Bengal and everywhere else while also enraging the kuffr. And all praise is due to Allah alone. DBIQ: Has the emergence of the Khilfah's soldiers in Bengal had any effect in intimidating or silencing the apostates who insult the Prophet g and those who call to secularism? SH. AB IBRHM: Alhamdulillh, the emergence of the soldiers of the Khilfah has terrified the kuffr in the region in general and in particular the atheists and secularists who mock Islam and our beloved Prophet g. This became evident when some of the leading atheists in the region claimed to have received death threats from the soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal. But it is not the methodology of the Khilfah's soldiers to send mere threats to the enemies of Allah. Rather, we let our actions do the talking. And our soldiers are presently sharpening their knives to slaughter the atheists, the mockers of the Prophet g, and every other apostate in the region, bi idnillh. We say just as Shaykh Usmah Ibn

Ldin r said, "If there is no limit to the freedom of your words, then let your hearts be open to the freedom of our actions." DBIQ: Tell us about the general state of Islam and religiousness in Bengal. SH. AB IBRHM: In general, the people of Bengal love Islam and try to practice its rites with great enthusiasm. However, there is much ignorance of the Qur'n and the Sunnah here, leading to the growing influence of heretical sects and murtadd parties. Wa l hawla wa l quwwata ill billh. DBIQ: What deviant and apostate sects exist in Bengal? SH. AB IBRHM: Sadly, there are many deviant and apostate sects in Bengal. First, there is a small number of Rfidah in Bengal who are funded and supported by the Iranian government. Secondly, there is a significant number of Qdiyniyyah in Bengal. Thirdly, there is a large number of apostates who have converted from Islam to Christianity due to the deceptive preaching carried out by local and foreign missionaries and the relentless efforts of

59

the Non-Government Organizations (NGOs) working in Bengal. Finally, there are many grave-worshiping Sfs and false "saints" who call people to blatant acts of shirk. DBIQ: With the tght government's betrayal and execution of several murtaddn from the so-called "Jamaat-e-Islami," have the followers of this party taken a lesson and repented from democracy? SH. AB IBRHM: In recent times, the tght government has imprisoned and executed many of the leaders of "Jamaat-e-Islami." This is similar to what happened to the sahwt in Iraq and the Ikhwn in Egypt, as the sunnah of Allah never changes. He will humiliate and punish in this world and the Hereafter whoever abandons the religion and allies with

the kuffr. There are some grassroots level followers and supporters of "Jamaat-e-Islami" who have repented from their shirk and joined the ranks of the Khilfah's soldiers in Bengal, walhamdulillh. However, the leadership of the organization remains adamant upon its path of destruction and humiliation and keeps on competing with the tght Hasina government in terms of who can commit more kufr. Wa l hawla wa l quwwata ill billh. DBIQ: The government of "Bangladesh" is known to be the largest contributor of forces for UN "peacekeeping" operations. Why is this the case? SH. AB IBRHM: After the late pro-Indian tght Mujibur Rahman was killed in a military coup, the murtadd Bengali army and its military intelligence

(DGFI) was founded by the late pro-"Pakistan" tght Ziaur Rahman by borrowing its military strategies and model from the "Pakistani" military and its intelligence (ISI). And while the Bengali army generals were not able to achieve complete dominance over the state affairs like their "Pakistani" counterparts despite many attempts to carry out a military coup, they remained one of the most powerful actors within the nation by maintaining a financially independent existence, as they were not entirely dependent on the civilian government for their funding. Rather, they primarily depend on the UN and its "peacekeeping" missions to provide lucrative salaries for their greedy officers and soldiers. And no matter which of the two civilian governments ­ whether the pro-"Pakistan" BNP or the pro-Indian Awami League ­ comes into pow-

Bengali forces being trained by American crusaders

60 INTERVIEW

Muslims in Burma suffering under Buddhist oppression

er, they conveniently make a deal with the army generals that there will not be any military coup attempts during the course of their political terms by allowing the army officers to materially benefit from the high salaries flowing into their accounts from the UN missions, which allows them to buy fancy homes and save money for retirement. Thus, this marriage of convenience between the tght civilian government and the murtadd military generals who sell their religion for a miserable price is the primary reason why the Bengali government is the largest contributor to so-called UN "peacekeeping" operations. And Allah knows best. DBIQ: What message do you have to those murtadd Bengali soldiers who are serving the tght locally or serving their pagan, murtadd, and crusader allies internationally? SH. AB IBRHM: Our call to the murtadd Bengali soldiers in the police, army, intelligence, etc. who work in the shade of the tght Hasina is to develop some sense of shame and manhood and free themselves from being slaves

to a kfir woman. We ask them to repent from their kufr jobs before we get a hold of them and slaughter them one by one, bi idhnillh. We ask them to take a lesson from the fate of the murtaddn in Iraq, Shm, Egypt, and other regions and see how Allah is humiliating them at the hands of the believers. Also, we warn the cowardly, murtadd Bengali soldiers that we will take revenge for every Muslim they kill, imprison, and torture in captivity, bi idnillh, even if after some time. {And whoever avenges himself after having been wronged ­ those have not upon them any cause [for blame]} [42:41]. DBIQ: How would you answer those ruwaybidah who denounce the Khilfah for pronouncing takfr upon so-called "Islamist" parties such as "Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami" and other similar parties? SH. AB IBRHM: "Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami" is a political party that has long committed many acts of kufr and shirk. Firstly, it supports and calls the Muslims in Bengal to the religion of democracy, and this is blatant shirk. Democracy is a religion

that believes in giving people the power to legislate and make things hall and harm, whereas that is the right of Allah alone. Secondly, it is a nationalistic organization promoting nationalism ­ a rotten call of jhiliyyah. And anyone who calls to a kufr call of jhiliyyah and dies upon it is from the people of Hellfire even if he prays, fasts, and claims to be a Muslim. Thirdly, during the period when they were in power from "2001" to "2006" they never implemented the law of Allah in the land, and whoever doesn't rule by what Allah has revealed is a kfir. Fourthly, during the period they were in power, they didn't hesitate for even a minute in allying with the kuffr of the East and the West against the muwahhidn in Bengal who wanted to implement the law of Allah in the land, and whoever takes the kuffr as allies against the Muslims leaves the fold of Islam. Fifthly, they have officially congratulated the mushrik Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, for his democratic victory and they are also known for congratulating the masses of cow-worshiping, pagan Hindus on their religious occasions of shirk on a regular basis. These are

61

just some of the acts of kufr and shirk committed by this murtadd organization. The organization "justifies" all these blatant acts of kufr and shirk under the pretext of "deception." However, the only ones who they truly deceive are their gullible followers on the grassroots level who fall for the sweet-talk of their leaders. DBIQ: How are you planning to aid the weak and oppressed Muslims in the region, especially those of Burma? SH. AB IBRHM: The Muslims in Burma have been oppressed by the mushrik Buddhists for a long period of time. Our hearts are with them and we believe it is a duty upon us to help them and support them in every
A Burmese Buddhist

possible way. And we will begin launching operations within Burma once we've reached the capability to do so, bi idnillh. However, we believe it will be more effective to strengthen the jihd front in Bengal first before fully moving into Burma, as fighting the nearer murtaddn takes precedence over fighting the farther enemy comprised of kuffr asliyyn (non-apostate disbelievers). Allah c said, {O you who have believed, fight those adjacent to you of the kuffr and let them find in you harshness. And know that Allah is with the righteous} [At-Tawbah: 123]. The kfir regime in Burma can only be fought effectively after we bring an end to the apostate Bengali regime, bi idnillh, just as the Jewish state can't be fought effectively until

the apostate regimes of Sisi and Bashar are annihilated first, insh'allh. This is what we learn from the Qur'n, the Sunnah, the history of the khulaf', and the history of the Crusades. And Allah knows best. DBIQ: How are the da'wah efforts in Bengal, especially regarding the call to tawhd and the Khilfah? SH. AB IBRHM: Alhamdulillh the da'wah efforts in Bengal are gaining some great momentum and many Muslims are responding to our call and joining the ranks of the soldiers of the Khilfah. With the spread of the da'wah of tawhd and khilfah on social media in various languages, more and more people are realizing the truth and hastening to follow it, walhamdulillh. DBIQ: What is the biggest obstacle you face in the jihd in Bengal?

SH. AB IBRHM: The biggest obstacle we face in strengthening the jihd front in Bengal, after our sins, is the lack of knowledge of the Qur'n and Sunnah with the true understanding of the Salaf among the masses in the region. There are many deviant groups and "scholars," such as "Jam'at at-Tablgh" and "Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami," that preach false understandings of the religion, which causes confusion among the average person about his real obligations towards the religion. Even the so-called "Ahl-e-Hadith" movement in Bengal teaches a sugarcoated, tght-friendly "tawhd" that doesn't include rejecting and opposing the tawght

62 INTERVIEW

Soldiers of the tawght of Bengal

of the parliament nor fighting them to establish the religion. Also, they keep hidden from the masses the tenets regarding kufr bit-tght, wal' and bar', and jihd, while falsely pretending to be followers of the Salaf. Rather, they simply strive to expose the masses to the teachings of pro-Saudi "scholars" from the Arabian Peninsula and to the teachings of their local mouthpieces, the local "students of knowledge" who have studied under the sorcerers in the universities established and run by the Saudi tawght. Thus, very few people in the region have the true understanding of the religion and the methodology of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jam'ah. This currently represents our biggest challenge in the region, and Allah knows best. DBIQ: Tell us about the history of the Rfidah in Bengal? SH. AB IBRHM: The Rfidah have long lived in Bengal,

since the days of the Mughal emperors. The Husseini Dalan temple in Dhaka was built in "1642" during the reign of Shajahan. Also, many of the Nawabs (semi-autonomous rulers under the Mughal emperors) in Bengal were Rfidah. It is difficult to find a thorough, documented history of the Rfidah in Bengal as they are well-known for practicing "taqiyyah." They are able to mix and blend thoroughly within the Sunni population here. At present, there are about 50,000 Rfid murtaddn living in Bengal. DBIQ: Can you explain the importance of Bengal to the Khilfah and its jihd globally? SH. AB IBRHM: Bengal is an important region for the Khilfah and the global jihd due to its strategic geographic position. Bengal is located on the eastern side of India, whereas Wilyat Khursn is located on its western side. Thus, having a strong

jihd base in Bengal will facilitate performing guerilla attacks inside India simultaneously from both sides and facilitate creating a condition of tawahhush in India along with the help of the existing local mujhidn there, bi idnillh, until the soldiers of the Khilfah are able to enter with a conventional army and completely liberate the region from the mushrikn, after first getting rid of the "Pakistani" and "Afghani" regimes, insh'allh. Also, jihd in Bengal is a stepping-stone for jihd in Burma as already mentioned. DBIQ: It is interesting to know that the authority of the Khilfah throughout history never had real consolidation past Khursn. How does that make you feel, taking on this mission to establish tamkn for the Khilfah in Bengal? SH. AB IBRHM: Indeed, it brings us great joy and comfort every time we reflect on the fact that

63

Allah has chosen us to be from among the soldiers of the Khilfah upon the prophetic methodology despite our great weaknesses and many shortcomings, walhamdulillh. And we can't thank Allah enough for this blessing. The Prophet g has promised us that this religion will reach wherever night and day reaches. And in the authentic hadth collected in the musnad of Imm Ahmad in which the Prophet g mentioned the various sequential stages the Ummah would go through until the Last Day, he g remained silent after mentioning the stage of khilfah upon the prophetic methodology, indicating that this would be the final stage of the Ummah before the Day of Judgment. Thus, we trust this blessed khilfah will remain until the Last Day and that all the regions in the world, including Bengal, will sooner or later come under its shade and be ruled by what Allah has revealed, insh'allh.

Indeed, it is a great blessing from Allah that He has chosen us to carry the beacon of this light in the region. And now that the plant of khilfah in Bengal has sprung forth from beneath the ground and become visible, it will continue to grow and expand until the Last Day, insh'allh, as Allah the Most Merciful will protect it from the devils, from among the humans and jinn, who seek to uproot it. Allah c said, {They want to extinguish the light of Allah with their mouths, but Allah will perfect His light, although the disbelievers dislike it} [AsSaff: 8]. And those believers who come and water this plant and take care of it until it becomes a fully-grown tree will be rewarded immensely, and we ask Allah to grant us a share of their rewards as sadaqah jriyah (ongoing charity) until the Day of Judgment. DBIQ: What is the role of India and the Hindus in the war against

Islam and the Khilfah in general, and in Bengal in particular? SH. AB IBRHM: The Hindus of both Bengal and India have always been waging war against Islam and the Muslims. The only difference is that the Hindus in India show their animosity towards Islam and the Muslims openly whereas the Hindus in Bengal do it in a more deceptive and covert manner due to them being a minority sect here. The Hindus in Bengal are very active in creating anti-Islamic propaganda in both mass media and social media, and in spreading fhishah among the Muslims of Bengal. In fact, a large number of the anti-Islamic propagandists in Bengal actually adhered to this filthy, cow-worshiping religion initially before becoming full-fledged atheists and denying "religion" entirely. Also, many of the high-ranking positions within the forces of the tght in the po-

Buddhists against Muslims

64 INTERVIEW

lice and intelligence in Bengal are now occupied by the Hindus, as the murtadd, secular Hasina government sees these filthy pagans as die-hard party loyalists. Furthermore, the Hindus in Bengal are well-known for supporting Indian intelligence (RAW) against the Muslims in Bengal since the days of the so-called "Bangladesh Liberation War" in "1971." Thus, we believe Shar'ah in Bengal won't be achieved until the local Hindus are targeted in mass numbers and until a state of polarization is created in the region, dividing between the believers and the disbelievers, bi idhnillh. And Allah knows best. DBIQ: Do you have the ability to cooperate with Wilyat Khursn and other soldiers of the Khilfah in nearby regions? SH. AB IBRHM: By the grace of Allah, we are able to connect and cooperate with the mujhidn in the various wilyt of the Khilfah, including the brothers in Wilyat Khursn, walhamdulillh. Indeed, the Jam'ah of the Muslims, represented by the present khilfah, is like a single body in which the different body parts work together with a single head. We ask Allah to unite all the mujhidn under the shade of the Khilfah and strengthen the unity of the Muslims. mn. DBIQ: Do you have any message to the Muslims of Bengal and the nearby regions? SH. AB IBRHM: To the Muslims in Bengal and the nearby regions, I say: O my brothers, fear Allah with regards to your religion and stay away from all the devi-

Hindus in Bengal
ant sects, who are busy misleading the masses. Adhere to the path of guidance brought by the Prophet g and followed by his companions j, for the truly successful one in this world and the Hereafter is the one who has been blessed with guidance from Allah, and the worst of creatures are those whom Allah has deprived of guidance. Allah said, {Indeed, they who disbelieved among the People of the Scripture and the mushrikn will be in the fire of Hell, abiding eternally therein. Those are the worst of creatures. Indeed, they who have believed and done righteous deeds ­ those are the best of creatures} [Al-Bayyinah: 6-7]. He also said, {And, [moreover], this is My path, which is straight, so follow it; and do not follow [other] ways, for you will be separated from His way. This has He instructed you that you may become righteous} [Al-An'm: 153].
And stick to the way of the ones whom Allah has referred to as truthful in the Qur'n. Allah c said, {The believers are only the ones who have believed in Allah and His Messenger and then doubt not but strive with their

properties and their lives in the cause of Allah. It is those who are the truthful} [Al-Hujurt: 15]. And Allah said, {O you who have believed, fear Allah and be with those who are truthful} [At-Tawbah: 119]. And there is no doubt that those who are the most truthful in this era and age are the ones whom Allah has blessed with the honor of reestablishing the Khilfah. Allah said, {And We have already written in the book [of Psalms] after the [previous] mention that the land is inherited by My righteous servants} [Al-Anbiy': 105].
Therefore, hasten to pledge allegiance to the Khalfah of the Muslims and join the ranks of the Khilfah's soldiers. I advise you to "adhere to the jam'ah of the Muslims and their imm" as the Prophet g advised Hudhayfah h when asked about the end of times. And indeed we are approaching the Hour and the ground is being prepared for the final battle of al-Malhamah, and undoubtedly the final victory will be for the believers, bi idhnillh.
Also, I advise you to join us and perform jihd with your

65

Soldiers of the Khilfah in Bengal

wealth and your lives, as it is an obligation upon every capable Muslim. There is no way to establish the religion other than the path of qitl. So leave the Duny behind and hasten to join us on the battlefield. And know that we are not calling on you to join us due to our small numbers or our lack of military strength, for indeed we are strong with the help of Allah alone, walhamdulillh. And we have certainty that we will be victorious by Allah's support, sooner rather than later, insh'allh.
We are not worried about our small numbers or our lack of military strength, for how can we be worried about that when Allah said, {How many a small company has overcome a large company by permission of Allah} [Al-Baqarah: 249]. How can we be worried about our lack of numbers or our lack of military strength when this was the very state of the Prophet g and his companions initially before Allah blessed them with victory and consolidation following a lengthy period of sabr and yaqn. Allah c said, {And remember when you were few and

oppressed in the land, fearing that people might abduct you, but He sheltered you, supported you with His victory, and provided you with good things ­ that you might be grateful} [Al-Anfl: 26]. How can we be worried about a lack of numbers or a lack of strength when Allah c said, {And sufficient was Allah for the believers in battle, and ever is Allah Powerful and Exalted in Might} [Al-Ahzb: 25]. How can we be worried about a lack of numbers or a lack of strength when Allah c said, {And it was incumbent upon Us to support the believers} [Ar-Rm: 47].
We are certain of our victory in both this world and in the Hereafter, insh'allh, for our truthful Prophet g has promised us, "A party of my Ummah will continue to fight in obedience to the command of Allah, crushing its enemies. They will not be harmed by those who oppose them. They will remain in this condition until the Hour overtakes them" [Reported by Muslim from `Uqbah Ibn `mir]. He g also said, "There will not cease to be a party from my Ummah manifest upon the

truth. They will not be harmed by those who forsake them until Allah's decree comes" [Reported by at-Tirmidh from Thawbn].
Thus, O Muslims of Bengal, we are not asking you for support out of weakness, for we will be victorious by the support of Allah alone whether you join us or not. Rather, we are inviting you to embark towards a life of honor by answering the call of Allah c and His Messenger g and performing jihd for the cause of Allah so that you may save yourselves from humiliation and punishment in both this world and the Hereafter. Allah c said, {Those who believe fight in the cause of Allah} [AnNis': 76]. And He c said, {Indeed, Allah loves those who fight in His cause in a row as though they are a [single] structure joined firmly} [As-Saff: 4]. So whoever of you claims to be a believer, let him join us and let us fight the disbelievers altogether just as they fight us altogether. We ask Allah to grant us all the true understanding of the religion and to keep us firm against the disbelievers. mn.

66 INTERVIEW

67

Raslullh g said, "When the Dajjl emerges, a person from the believers leaves for him. The armed guards of the Dajjl encounter him and then say to him, `Where are you going?' He says, `I am going to see this person who has emerged.' They say to him `Do you not believe in our lord?' He says, `There is nothing obscure about our Lord!' They say, `Kill him.' Then some amongst them say, `Has your lord not forbidden you from killing anyone without his permission?' Thus, they take him to the Dajjl. When the believer sees him, he says, `O people, he is the Dajjl whom Raslullh g spoke of.' The Dajjl then orders for him to be placed upon his belly; the Dajjl then says, `Take hold of him and beat him until he bleeds.' His back and belly are then extensively beaten. Then the Dajjl asks him, `Do you not believe in me?' He says, `You are the liar Messiah.' The Dajjl then orders him to be sawn in half from the parting of his hair until his legs are separated. Thereafter, the Dajjl will walk between the two halves. He then says to him, `Arise.' He then stands erect. The Dajjl then says to him, `Do you not believe in me?' The believer replies, `My insight concerning your reality has only increased.' The believer then says, `O people, he will not do the same as he did to me with any person after me.' The Dajjl then takes hold of him to kill him. What is between his neck and collarbone is then made into metal, thus the Dajjl finds no means to kill him. Therefore, he takes hold of him by his hand and feet and throws him. The people think that he has thrown him into Hellfire whereas he has been thrown into Paradise. To the Lord of the creation, he is the greatest person in regards to shahdah" [Reported by Muslim from Ab Sa'd al-Khudr].
68

