1435
DABIQ 2

FEATURE:

ARTICLE:

TREHFEIILTSEFC'LISTNIAOAENMLISTCOIHRCNUESSRATTDAHETEE BTHEEFROEVRIVEALTOHFESLHAOVEURYR

CONTENTS
The spark has been lit here in Iraq, and its heat will continue to intensify ­ by Allah's permission ­ until it burns the crusader armies in Dbiq.
- Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw
03 FOREWORD 06 INDEED YOUR LORD IS EVER WATCHFUL 10 MY PROVISION WAS PLACED FOR ME IN THE SHADE OF MY SPEAR 14 THE REVIVAL OF SLAVERY BEFORE THE HOUR 18 ISLAMIC STATE REPORTS 32 REFLECTIONS ON THE FINAL CRUSADE 45 IN THE WORDS OF THE ENEMY 47 A MESSAGE FROM SOTLOFF 52 HARD TALK
2

FOREWORD

dabiq

All praise is due to Allah, Lord of the worlds. May blessings and peace be upon His Messenger Muhammad, and his family and companions. As to what follows: As this crusade proceeds against the Islamic State, one should remember that the Muslim creed is one based upon husnudh-dhanni billh (good expectations concerning Allah). Allah ta'l said, as in the quds hadth, "I am according to My slave's expectations of Me. So let him expect of Me what he wishes" [Sahh: Ahmad, Ibn Hibbn, and al-Hkim]. While the opposite of this attitude is one that sways between deviance and kufr. Allah ta'l said, {He (Ibrhm) said, "And who despairs of the mercy of his Lord except for those astray?"} [Al-Hijr: 56]. And He ta'l also said, {O my sons, go and find out about Ysuf and his brother and despair not of relief from Allah. Indeed, no one despairs of relief from Allah except the disbelieving people"} [Ysuf: 87]. This attitude is one of the attributes of the sick-hearted, for they are those who Allah ta'l mentioned in His statement, {"But you thought that the Messenger and the believers would never return to their families, ever, and that was made pleasing in your hearts. And you assumed an assumption of evil and became a people ruined"} [Al-Fath: 12]. This attitude is also from the dhann (weak thought) of jhiliyyah. It is the attitude of doubt concerning Allah's support for His religion and its followers. We have a promise from Allah that this religion prevails, and by this religion what is meant is the religion described by the inspired and rightly guided khalfah `Umar Ibn al-Khattb (radiyallhu `anh) who said, "There Is no Islam except with jam'ah, and no jam'ah except with imrah

(leadership), and no imrah except with t'ah (obedience)" [Sunan ad-Drim]. The religion that Raslullh (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) came with, as in the hadth, "I order you with five things that Allah ordered me with: jam'ah, sam' (listening), t'ah, hijrah, and jihd f sablillh for indeed, whoever leaves the jam'ah by a hand span has removed the noose of Islam from his neck unless he returns" [Sahh: Ahmad and at-Tirmidh].

This religion is the one promised with victory, not the religion of division, partisanship, innovation, and pride in personal opinion, nor the religion void of bay'ah, imrah, and khilfah. This is the religion manifest truly at the level of the individual, community, and nation. This is the religion promised with: {It is He who has sent His Messenger with guidance and the religion of truth to manifest it over all religion, although they who associate others with Allah dislike it} [At-Tawbah: 33] {And sufficient is Allah as Witness} [Al-Fath: 28].

This faith and attitude is what has nourished the

leaders and soldiers of the Islamic State since

the days of Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw (may Allah

accept him) who paved the way for the estab-

lishment of this State. For this reason, you find

the words of the a'immah (plural of imm)

full of absolute conviction in Allah's sup-

port for the Islamic State. They have not a

mustard seed of doubt regarding this.

3

FOREWORD

Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw (rahimahullh) said, "The hypocrites and those who obstruct the path to Allah will say to you, `Do you think anything of what you want will ever be achieved? Do you really think that the Islamic Khilfah or even just the Islamic State will ever be established? That is something that can never happen and it is closer to imagination than reality.' So if they say such to you, then remember the statement of Allah ta'l, {[Remember] when the hypocrites and those in whose hearts was disease said, `Their religion has deluded those [Muslims].' But whoever relies upon Allah ­ then indeed, Allah is Exalted in Might and Wise} [Al-Anfl: 49]. And say to them, `Indeed, Allah will grant the Muslims the conquest of Rome, just as Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) promised'" [Wasy Hmmah Lil Mujhidn].

He also said, "We perform jihd here while our eyes are upon al-Quds. We fight here, while our goal is Rome with good expectations concerning Allah that He makes us the keys for the Prophetic good tidings and Godly decrees" [Riyh an-Nasr].

This attitude then was inherited by his successor, Ab Hamzah al-Muhjir (rahimahullh), who said, "O muwahhidn, receive glad tidings, for by Allah, we will not rest from our jihd until we are under the olive trees of Rome, after we destroy the filthy house called the White House" [Inil Hukmu Ill Lillh]. This attitude was also echoed by the mountainous man, Ab `Umar al-Baghdd (rahimahullh), who said, "O soldiers of the Islamic State, O youth of Muhammad (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam)... Today we are upon the doorstep for a new era, a turning point for the map of the region, rather the world. Today we witness the end of the lie called western civilization and the rise of the Islamic giant. This is exactly what Bush warned against in his last
speech in front of veterans when he said, `The region is changing into one that threatens civilization with destruction,' meaning the civilization of shirk and kufr, the civilization of usury and prostitution, the civili-
4

zation of humiliation and subjugation. And he said regarding the soldiers of the Islamic State in Mesopotamia, `They strive to reestablish a khilfah expanding from Spain to Indonesia.' This was after he made them the single Sunn threat towards America and its civilization" [Wa Yamkurna Wa Yamkurullh]. And he said, "This prompted the enemy of Allah ­ Bush ­ to say after the blessed rise of the Islamic State, `They strive to establish an Islamic State stretching from China to Spain.' He spoke the truth although he is a liar" [Wa Qul J'al Haqqu Wa Zahaqal Btil]. And this certainty in Allah's promise prompted Ab `Umar al-Baghdd to say with full conviction, "Inna Dawlatal-Islmi Bqiyah" (Indeed, the Islamic State will remain...) [Hasd as-Sinn].

dabiq

And to also say, "In the end, I say to the Muslims everywhere who are watching this harsh military and media campaign against the Islamic State in Mesopotamia, do not fear nor worry about the jihd in Iraq. Expect good, for the harshness of the wave has broken. Indeed, a building constructed upon the skulls of shuhad' and whose earth was cemented with the blood of the virtuous, is a building of truth tougher than the immovable mountains, and a lofty standing more honorable than the stars. And due to His excellence above and beyond any faults, al-Karm (the Generous), ar-Rahmn, ar-Rahm would never allow their sacrifices to go in vain" [Hasd al-Khayr]. This certainty was echoed by Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-'Adnn (hafidhahullh) in his last speech when he said, "And so we promise you [O crusaders] by Allah's permission that this campaign will

be your final campaign. It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were broken and defeated, except that this time we will raid you thereafter, and you will never raid us. We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell your sons as slaves at the slave market" [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. Finally, this certainty is the one that should pulse in the heart of every mujhid from the Islamic State and every supporter outside until he fights the Roman crusaders near Dbiq.

5

STATEMENT

"INDEEDWYOAEXTUCECRRPTHSFLFROOUM RL"D IS EVER BY THE OFFICIAL SPOKESMAN FOR THE ISLAMIC STATE

A short time before the formal expansion of the American crusade into Shm, the official spokesman of the Islamic State ­ Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-`Adnn ash-Shm (hafidhahullh) ­ gave a momentous speech inspiring the Muslims, terrifying the crusaders, and reminding all with Allah's promise. Alhamdulillh, a number of matters unfolded almost immediately after the speech in obedience to the leaders of the Islamic State, including the capture of crusaders in Muslim lands and their subsequent execution, the killing of crusaders in their homelands, and the conquering of new areas in Iraq and Shm despite the crusader airstrikes. At the same time, the Arab tawght, the sahwt, the quasi-jihadists, and mock mujhidn exposed their duplicity and hypocrisy once again for no sincere
Muslim to be left in the dark with doubt. And all praise is due to Allah the Lord of the worlds. What follows are some of the most important excerpts from his speech.
6

"O soldiers of the Islamic State, what a great thing you have achieved by Allah! Your reward is upon Him. By Allah, He has healed the chests of the believers through the killing of the nusayriyyah and rfidah at your hands. He has filled the hearts of the disbelievers and hypocrites with rage through you. What a great thing you have achieved by Allah! Who are you? Who are you O soldiers of the Islamic State? From where have you come? What is your secret? Why is it that the hearts of the East and West are dislocat-
ISLAMIC STATE SOLDIER HUMILIATES THE NUSAYRIYYAH

dabiq

ed by their fear of you? Why is it that the chest muscles of America and its allies shiver out of fear of you? Where are your warplanes? Where are your battleships? Where are your missiles? Where are your weapons of mass destruction? Why is it that the world has united against you? Why have the nations of disbelief entrenched together against you?" "So know that ­ by Allah ­ we fear not the swarms of planes, nor ballistic missiles, nor drones, nor satellites, nor battleships, nor weapons of mass destruction. How could we fear them, while Allah the Exalted has said, {If Allah should aid you, no one can overcome you; but if He should forsake you, who is there that can aid you after Him? And upon Allah let the believers rely} [li `Imrn: 160]. How could we fear them, while Allah the Exalted has said, {So do not weaken and do not grieve, and you will be superior if you are [true] believers} [li `Imrn: 139]."

other, for some people have entered your ranks who are not of you and are only claimants. And thus some disorder has occurred. So it has become necessary for a trial to come, expel the filth, and purify the ranks. We ask Allah for forgiveness and wellness. Also, pride and conceit has entered some of our souls, and thus some of us transgressed and oppressed others. So it is necessary for the sins to be expelled, so that you may return to your Lord. Allah has loved the mujhidn, and so there is no choice but for Him to take some martyrs. We ask Allah to make us of them, not from the disgraced nor those afflicted [in their religion]." "O America, O allies of America, and O crusaders, know that the matter is more dangerous than you have imagined and greater than you have envisioned. We have warned you that today we are in a new era, an era where the State, its soldiers, and its sons are leaders not slaves. They are a people who through the ages have not known defeat. The outcome of their battles is concluded before they begin. They have not prepared for a battle since the time of Noah except with absolute conviction of victory. Being killed ­ according to their account ­ is a victory. This is where the secret lies. You fight a people who can never be defeated."

"Therefore Allah will give you victory. Indeed, Allah will give you victory. By Allah, Allah will give you victory. So guarantee for us two matters, and we will guarantee you ­ by Allah's permission ­ constant victory and consolidation. First, do not oppress anyone nor be content with oppression by being silent about it and not raising the matter to those in authority. Second, do not become conceited or arrogant. This is what we fear from you and fear for you." "Thereafter know that a trial, sifting, and selection, are necessary between one period and an-

"And so we promise you by Allah's permission that this campaign will be your final campaign. It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were broken and defeated, except that this time we will raid you thereafter, and you will never raid us.
7

STATEMENT

We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell your sons as slaves at the slave market."

"So mobilize your forces, O crusaders. Mobilize your forces, roar with thunder, threaten whom you want, plot, arm your troops, prepare yourselves, strike, kill, and destroy us. This will not avail you. You will be defeated. This will not avail you, for our Lord, the Mighty, the Prevailing, has promised us with our victory and your defeat. Send arms and equipment to your agents and dogs. Prepare them with the most modern equipment. Send them very much, for it will end up as war booty in our hands by Allah's permission. You will spend it, then it will be a source of regret for you, then you will be defeated. Look at your armored vehicles, machinery, weaponry, and equipment. It is in our hands. Allah granted it to us. We fight you with it. So die in your rage. {Indeed, those who disbelieve spend their wealth to avert [people] from the way of Allah. So they will spend it; then it will be for them a [source of] regret; then they will be overcome. And those who have disbelieved ­ unto Hell they will be gathered} [Al-Anfl: 36]."

time, you would return. Here you are; you have not withdrawn. Rather you hid some of your forces behind your proxies and withdrew the rest. Your forces will return greater in number than they were before. You will return and your proxies will not avail you. And if you are not able to return, then we will come to your homeland by Allah's permission."

"You claimed to have withdrawn from Iraq ­ O Obama ­ four years ago. We said to you then that you were liars, that you had not withdrawn, and that if you had withdrawn that you would return, even if after some
8

"O Americans, and O Europeans, the Islamic State did not initiate a war against you, as your governments and media try to make you believe. It is you who started the transgression against us, and thus you deserve blame and you will pay a great price. You will pay the price when your economies collapse. You will pay the price when your sons are sent to wage war against us, and they return to you as disabled amputees, or inside coffins, or mentally ill. You will pay the price as you are afraid of travelling to any land. Rather you will pay the price as you walk on your streets, turning right and left, fear-

dabiq

ing the Muslims. You will not feel secure even in your bedrooms. You will pay the price when this crusade of yours collapses, and thereafter we will strike you in your homeland, and you will never be able to harm anyone afterwards. You will pay the price, and we have prepared for you what will pain you." "Dear Muslims, America hasn't come with its crusade in order to save the Muslims, nor does it spend its wealth in spite of the collapse of its economy and burden itself in order to arm and train the sahwah councils in Shm and Iraq out of compassion and fear for the mujahidin from the "cruelty of the khawrij," and out of support for them as they allege. {I wish my people could know!} [Ysn: 26]. Do the crusaders rush to the support of the mujahidin fighting on the path of Allah, and rush to rescue and save them from the khawrij? "Live long enough and you'll see strange things!" Woe to my people! When will they remember?" "So O muwahhid, do not let this battle pass you by wherever you may be. You must strike the soldiers, patrons, and troops of the tawght. Strike their police, security, and intelligence members, as well as their treacherous agents. Destroy their beds. Embitter their lives for them and busy them with themselves. If you can kill a disbelieving American or European ­ especially the spiteful and filthy French ­ or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other disbeliever from the disbelievers waging war, including the citizens of the countries that entered into a coalition against the Islamic State, then rely upon Allah, and kill him in any manner or way however it may be. Do not ask for anyone's advice and do not seek anyone's verdict. Kill the disbeliever whether he is civilian or military, for they have the same ruling." "So O muwahhid... O you who believes in wal' and bar'... will you leave the American, the Frenchman, or any of their allies to walk safely upon the earth while the armies of the crusaders strike the lands of the Muslims not differentiating between a civilian and fighter? They

have killed nine Muslim women three days ago by striking a bus transporting them from Shm to Iraq. Will you leave the disbeliever to sleep safely at home while the Muslim women and children shiver with fear of the roars of the crusader airplanes above their heads day and night? How can you enjoy life and sleep while not aiding your brothers, not casting fear into the hearts of the cross worshippers, and not responding to their strikes with multitudes more? So O muwahhid wherever you may be, hinder those who want to harm your brothers and state as much as you can. The best thing you can do is to strive to your best and kill any disbeliever, whether he be French, American, or from any of their allies."
CRUSADER "CIVILIANS"
"Finally, we do not want to forget to direct a message towards our Muslim people and brothers from the Kurds in Iraq, Shm, and elsewhere. Our war with Kurds is a religious war. It is not a nationalistic war ­ we seek the refuge of Allah. We do not fight Kurds because they are Kurds. Rather we fight the disbelievers amongst them, the allies of the crusaders and jews in their war against the Muslims. As for the Muslim Kurds, then they are our people and brothers wherever they may be. We spill our blood to save their blood. The Muslim Kurds in the ranks of the Islamic State are many. They are the toughest of fighters against the disbelievers amongst their people."
9

ARTICLE

FMORYMPERIONVTHISEIOSHNADWEAOSF PMLYASCPEEADR
By Ibn Rajab al-Hanbal

[The following discussion is a commentary on the hadith of Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam), "My provision was placed for me in the shade of my spear." The hadth was reported by Imm Ahmad and others on the authority of Ibn `Umar and it is sahh. The commentary is from the book by Ibn Rajab al-Hanbal titled "Al-Hikam al-Jadrah bil-Idh'ah."]

This hadth indicates that Allah did not send His messenger to endeavor to seek the duny, nor to gather the duny and its treasures, nor to strive to seek its causes, rather He sent him as a caller to His tawhd with the sword. What is implied by this is that he kills Allah's enemies who refuse to accept tawhd, legitimizes the spilling of their blood and the taking of their wealth, and enslaves their women and children, and thereby his provision becomes what Allah has given him of spoils from the property of His enemy. This is because wealth was created by Allah for the children of Adam only to assist them in obeying and worshipping Him. So whoever uses it to assist himself in kufr of Allah and shirk with Him, then Allah will give mastery to His Messenger and his followers over him, so that they seize it from him and return it back to one who is more worthy than him from the people who worship Allah, practice tawhd of Him, and submit obediently towards Him. For this reason their wealth is called fay' [the root of the word means to restore or return], because it returns to one who is more deserving of it and it returns to the usage for which it was created.
From amongst the abrogated [verses] of the Qur'an [in recitation, not in legislation] was the verse, {We only sent down wealth so that prayer would be established and zakh would be given.}
10

So the people of tawhd and obedience to Allah are more deserving of wealth than the people of kufr in Allah and shirk. Therefore, they seized their wealth. He also made the provision of His Messenger from that wealth, because it is the purest of wealth, as He ta'la said, {So consume what you have taken of war booty [as being] lawful and good} [Al-Anfl: 69]. This was a matter through which Allah favored Muhammad (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) and his

dabiq

ummah, for He legalized war booty for them. It has also been claimed that the Ummah was favored with the legality of ghanmah taken through fighting, not fay'; and that what is taken without fighting [fay'] was hall and mubh for those nations before us. He made the provision of His Messenger from the latter [the fay']. War booty is more lawful than other income for a number of reasons. It is seized from one who does not deserve it, because he uses it to aid himself in disobeying Allah and associating others with Him. So if it is taken from one who uses it contrary to the obedience of Allah, the practice of tawhd and the da'wah to worship Him, then such wealth becomes the most beloved of wealth to Allah ta'l and the purest form of income in His sight. Also, he (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) would not perform jihd except so that Allah's word would be the highest and His religion the most manifest. He did not perform jihd for the sake of ghanmah. So provision would come to him pursuant to his worship and jihd f sablillh. Therefore, he did not dedicate any of his time solely towards seeking provision. Rather he would worship Allah in all his time, and practice tawhd of Allah and be sincere to Him. So Allah made his provision easy during such worship, without him intending to seek it or endeavoring to pursue it. It was reported in the mursal narration (i.e. reported with no mention of the Sahb in the

isnd), that he (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "I am the messenger of mercy. I am the messenger of the malhamah (bloody battle). Allah sent me with jihd and He did not send me with agriculture" [reported by Ibn Sa'd in "at-Tabaqt"]. Al-Baghaw reported in his "Mu'jam" a marf' hadth (i.e. a hadth whose words are conveyed as the Prophet's) [that the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said], "Indeed Allah has sent me with guidance and the religion of truth. He did not make me a farmer, nor a merchant, nor a shouter in the markets. And He placed my provision in my spear."
He mentioned the spear rather than the sword so that it is not understood that he got provision from the ghanmah wealth. Rather, his provision was from the fay' that Allah granted him from Khaybar and Fadak.

Fay' is what the enemy leaves behind after fearfully fleeing, contrary to ghanmah, which is taken through fighting with the sword. Therefore, mention of the spear more clearly indicates the acquirement of fay', because the spear is seen by the enemy from a distance, so he flees, and thus he flees from the spear's shade by which fay' is taken. The provision of the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) was from fay', not ghanmah, which is taken by fighting with a sword. And Allah knows best.

11

ARTICLE

`Umar Ibn `Abdil-`Aziz said, "Allah sent Muhammad as a guide and did not send him as a money collector." So the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) spent his time with obedience of Allah and da'wah to His tawhd, and whatever is acquired through that of wealth from fay' and ghanmah, is acquired consequently, and not with the fundamental intention of pursuing it. For these reasons, one who abandons jihd and instead busies himself with making money has been censured. The statement of Allah ta'l, {And spend in the way of Allah and do not throw [yourselves] with your [own] hands into destruction} [Al-Baqarah: 195] was revealed regarding such a situation, when the Ansr resolved to abandon jihd and work to improve their wealth and land. And in the hadth that was reported by Ab Dwd and others, "If you deal in `nah (a form of rib), follow after the tails of cattle, and abandon jihd, then Allah will give humiliation mastery over you and He will not remove it from you until you review your religion" [Sahh: reported by Imm Ahmad and Ab Dwd]. For this reason, the Sahbah (radiyallhu `anhum) disliked entering the land of kharj (taxed land) for the sake of agriculture, because it distracts from jihd.

Mak-hl said, "When the Muslims entered Shm, the plants of al-Hlah were mentioned to them, so they planted crops. This news reached `Umar Ibn al-Khattb (radiyallhu `anh). So he sent someone to the crops after they became ripe and burnt them with fire. He then sent a letter to them saying, `Indeed Allah placed the provision of this ummah in its spearheads and beneath its spear-tails. If they farm, they become like other people.'" This was reported by Asad Ibn Ms. He also reported through an isnd of his that `Umar wrote, "Whoever farms, follows after the tails of cattle, is pleased with such, and admits to it, I will enforce jizyah upon him." It was said to one of them, "Why don't you keep a farm for the family?" So he responded, "Wallhi, we did not come as farmers, rather we came to kill the farmers and eat their crops." 1 So the best condition for the believer is that his time is spent in obedience of Allah, jihd f sablillh, and da'wah to His obedience. He should not seek the duny. And he should take from the wealth of fay' and from other sources of wealth what is merely sufficient, as the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) would take food which

12

_____________
1 This and the previous narration are forms of tarhb (warning against sin, disliked matters, or wasteful actions). They are not to be taken literally, as farming is a mubh (permissible) form of work. But the message conveyed is that a believer lives by performing jihd and then taking from the agriculture of his kfir enemies, not by dedicating his life to agriculture like his enemies do.

dabiq

would suffice his family for a year. He would take it from the fay' and divide the rest. And sometimes he might see someone needy thereafter and then give him his family's food, and so his family would remain without anything. And likewise is the case for one who is busy with knowledge, because it is from the two forms of jihd, so his dedication to knowledge is like jihd f sablillh and da'wah to Him. If he takes from the money of fay' or waqf, he should take only what suffices him to strengthen himself in his jihd. He should not take more than his need from it. Imm Ahmad has specifically mentioned that one should not take more than his need from the wealth in baytul-ml such as the kharj (land tax). And the money from waqf is even more strict. And whoever is busy with his duties towards Allah, then Allah will oversee his provision, as is mentioned in the hadth on the authority of Zayd Ibn Thbit [that Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said], "Whoever's concern is the duny, Allah will scatter his affairs and place his poverty before his eyes. Nothing will come to him of the duny except what has been decreed for him. And whoever's intent is the Hereafter, Allah will gather for him his affairs and will place his prosperity in his heart. The duny will come to him against its will." It was reported by Imm Ahmad and Ibn Mjah [with a sahh isnd]. At-Tirmidh reported from the marf' narration of Anas [that Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi

wa sallam) said], "Allah says, `O son of dam, devote yourself to My worship and I will fill your heart with prosperity. If you do not do such, I will fill your hands with work and will not settle your poverty`" [Sahh: reported by Imm Ahmad, at-Tirmidh, and others on the authority of Ab Hurayrah].

Ibn Mjah reported from the marf' hadth of Ibn Mas'd [that Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said], "Whoever makes his concerns one concern ­ for his hereafter ­ Allah will cover the concern for his duny. And whoever's heart is split by many concerns for the matters of the duny, then Allah will not care in whichever valley he is destroyed" [Hasan: reported by Ibn Mjah on the authority of Ibn `Umar and Ibn Mas'd].

It was also reported in some Isr'l narrations that Allah said, "O duny, serve whoever serves me, and exhaust whoever serves you."

13

ARTICLE

BTEHFEORERVIEVATLHOEF SHLAOVEURYR

Upon conquering the region of Sinjar in Wilyat Nnaw, the Islamic State faced a population of Yazidis, a pagan minority existent for ages in regions of Iraq and Shm. Their continual existence to this day is a matter that Muslims should question as they will be asked about it on Judgment Day, considering that Allah had revealed yat as-Sayf (the verse of the sword) over 1400 years ago. He ta'l said, {And when the sacred months have passed, then kill the mushrikn wherever you find them, and capture them, and besiege them, and sit in wait for them at every place of ambush. But if they should repent, establish prayer, and give zakah, let them [go] on their way. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Merciful.} [At-Tawbah: 5]. The Yazidis present-day creed ­ as it has changed over history ­ entails the worship of Ibls who they consider to be a fallen but forgiven angel amongst the angels who were ordered to prostrate to dam! He alone refused to prostrate to dam, and they consider this arrogant disobedience of Allah to be his noblest deed! They consider him to be misunderstood by mankind! They consider him to be good and enlightened, and claim that Allah will openly forgive him on

Judgment Day after already forgiving him beforehand for crying tears of piety over a period of thousands of years! So they have made Ibls ­ who is the biggest tght ­ the symbolic head of enlightenment and piety! What arrogant kufr can be greater than this? Their creed is so deviant from the truth that even cross-worshipping Christians for ages considered them devil worshippers and Satanists, as is recorded in accounts of Westerners and Orientalists who encountered them or studied them. It is ultimately ironic that Obama sites these devil worshippers as the main cause for his intervention in Iraq and Shm, as he sides with the peshmerga ­ gangs of mercenaries related to the Marxist PUK and allied with the Marxist PKK ­ a "terrorist" organization according to the tght laws the West "believes" in. Prior to the taking of Sinjar, Shar'ah students in the Islamic State were tasked to research the Yazidis to determine if they should be treated as an originally mushrik group or one that originated as Muslims and then apostatized, due to many of the related Islamic rulings that would apply to the group, its individuals, and their fam-

14

AN ISLAMIC STATE CONVOY PARADES IN NNAW

dabiq

ilies. Because of the Arabic terminologies used by this group either to describe themselves or their beliefs, some contemporary Muslim scholars have classified them as possibly an apostate sect, not an originally mushrik religion, but upon further research, it was determined that this group is one that existed since the pre-Islamic jhiliyyah, but became "Islamized" by the surrounding Muslim population, language, and culture, although they never accepted Islam nor claimed to have adopted it. The apparent origin of the religion is found in the Magianism of ancient Persia, but reinterpreted with elements of Sabianism, Judaism, and Christianity, and ultimately expressed in the heretical vocabulary of extreme Sufism.
Accordingly, the Islamic State dealt with this group as the majority of fuqah' have indicated how mushrikn should be dealt with. Unlike the Jews and Christians, there was no room for jizyah payment. Also, their women could be enslaved unlike female apostates who the majority of the fuqah' say cannot be enslaved1 and can only be given an ultimatum to repent or face the sword. After capture, the Yazidi women and children were then divided according to the Shar'ah amongst the fighters of the Islamic State who participated in the Sinjar operations, after one fifth of the slaves were transferred to the Islamic State's authority to be divided as khums.
This large-scale enslavement of mushrik families is probably the first since the abandonment of this Shar'ah law. The only other known case ­ albeit much smaller ­ is that of the enslavement of Christian women and children in the Philippines and Nigeria by the mujhidn there.
The enslaved Yazidi families are now sold by the Islamic State soldiers as the mushrikn were sold
b_y_t_h_e_C_o_m__p_a_n_io_ns (radiyallhu `anhum) before
1 The enslavement of the apostate women belonging to apostate groups such as the rfidah, nusayriyyah, durz, and ism'liyyah is one that the fuqah' differ over. The majority of the scholars say that their women are not to be enslaved and only ordered to repent because of the hadth, "Kill whoever changes his religion" [Sahh al-Bukhr]. But some of the scholars including Shaykhul-Islm Ibn Taymiyyah and the Ahnf (Hanafis) say they may be enslaved due to the actions of the Companions during the Wars of Apostasy where they enslaved the apostate women. This opinion is one also supported by evidence, wallhu a'lam.

them. Many well-known rulings are observed, including the prohibition of separating a mother from her young children. Many of the mushrik women and children have willingly accepted Islam and now race to practice it with evident sincerity after their exit from the darkness of shirk. Raslullh (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "Allah marvels at a people who enter Jannah in chains" [reported by al-Bukhr on the authority of Ab Hurayrah]. The hadth commentators mentioned that this refers to people entering Islam as slaves and then entering Jannah. Ab Hurayrah (radiyallhu `anh) said while commenting on Allah's words, {You are the best nation produced for mankind} [li `Imrn: 110], "You are the best people for people. You bring them with chains around their necks, until they enter Islam" [Sahh al-Bukhri].

YAZIDIS EMBRACE ISLAM
After this discussion and as we approach al-Malhamah al-Kubr (the greatest battle before the Hour) ­ whenever its time comes by Allah's decree ­ it is interesting to note that slavery has been mentioned as one of the signs of the Hour as well as one of the causes behind al-Malhamah al-Kubr.

Raslullh (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) men-

tioned that one of the signs of the Hour was that

"the slave girl gives birth to her master." This

was reported by al-Bukhr and Muslim on

the authority of Ab Hurayrah and by Muslim

on the authority of `Umar.

15

ARTICLE

The scholars mention a number of interpretations for this, some of them drifting away from actual slavery because it already was existent and common in their eras. The following excerpts are from commentaries indicating that actual slavery is a likely interpretation. This becomes more so the case after the abandonment of slavery since the rise of tght law and the desertion of jihd.

status of her owner and master" [Jmi' al-Ulm wal-Hikam].

Ibn Rajab al-Hanbal said while explaining this hadth,"The scholars differed over what is meant by this. It has been stated that the conquests of the lands of kufr multiply as well as enslavement, and thereby concubines increase in numbers, until the slave women give birth to their masters, this is because the child of the master has the status of the master [meaning he is a free man like his father], and thereby she has given birth to her master from this angle. [...] It has also been stated that `the slave girl gives birth to her master' indicated the increased conquests of the lands of kufr and the taking of slaves, until a girl is taken from the land of kufr at a young age, then she is freed in the land of Islam, then her mother is brought in as a slave after her, and this girl buys her mother and uses her in her service, ignorant of the fact that the slave is her mother. This has occurred in the Islamic era. This interpretation is like the one before it, indicating that one of the signs of the Hour is the increased conquests and bringing in of slaves from the lands of kufr. [...] It has also been stated that the meaning of the slave girl giving birth to her master is that people turn away from marriage sufficing with concubines alone. And Allah knows best" [Fathul-Br]. Ibn Rajab also said,"This indicates the conquest of lands and the high occurrence of taking slaves until concubines and their children increase in numbers. The slave girl becomes a slave to her master while his children have the status of her
master over herself. This is because the child of the master has the rank of the master, and thereby the child of the slave girl has the

An-Nawaw explained the hadth by saying, "The majority of scholars say that this foretells the increase of concubines and their children in numbers, because the child of a concubine has the status of her master" [Sharh Sahh Muslim]. Ibn Hajar commented on this interpretation saying, "But this suggested interpretation is questionable, because a slave girl giving birth was an occurrence that existed in the era when the statement was made. Also, most of the conquests of the lands of shirk, the enslavement of their families, and the taking of their women as concubines, occurred at the beginning of the Islamic era" [Fathul-Br]. Again, it appears that those who drift away from the literal interpretation of slavery do so because it was already existent and common in their era in such a manner that they found it hard to understand it as referring to actual slavery. But after the abandonment of slavery by Muslims and its subsequent revival, this literal interpretation becomes much more plausible.

16

dabiq

Additionally, a hadth that one should reflect over is the long hadth of Dbiq reported by Muslim on the authority of Ab Hurayrah. In the hadth it is mentioned that the Romans say to the Muslims after the Romans have lined up in ranks near Dbiq, "Leave us and those who were enslaved from amongst us so we can fight them." The Muslims then respond, "Nay, by Allah, we will not abandon our brothers to you." The bloody, final battle begins after this short discussion. An-Nawaw commented on this hadth saying, "It was reported in two forms, `those who enslaved some of us' and `those who were enslaved from amongst us.' Al-Qd said in `Al-Mashriq,' ``Those who were enslaved from amongst us' is the report of the majority and it is the correct one.' I [an-Nawaw] say that both of them are correct, because they are enslaved first [as kuffr] and then enslave the kuffr thereafter. This occurrence exists in our times. Rather the majority of the Islamic armies in Shm and Egypt were originally enslaved [as kuffr] and now they enslave the kuffr, walhamdulillh. They have enslaved them numerous times in our era. They enslave in just one occasion thousands of the kuffr. All praise is due to Allah for having strengthened and honored Islam" [Sharh Sahh Muslim]. After this, it becomes clear where Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-`Adnn ash-Shm (hafidhahullh) gets his inspiration from when saying, "And so we promise you [O crusaders] by Allah's permission that this campaign will be your final campaign. It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were broken and defeated, except that this time we will raid you thereafter, and you will never raid us. We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell

your sons as slaves at the slave market" [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. Before Shaytn reveals his doubts to the weak-minded and weak hearted, one should remember that enslaving the families of the kuffr and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of the Shar'ah that if one were to deny or mock, he would be denying or mocking the verses of the Qur'n and the narrations of the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam), and thereby apostatizing from Islam.
Allah ta'la said, {Successful indeed are the believers who are humble in their prayers, and who shun vain conversation, and who are payers of the zakh, and who guard their modesty except from their wives or the [female slaves] that their right hands possess, for then they are not blameworthy, but whoever craves be-
yond that, such are transgressors} [Al-Mu'minn: 1-7].
Finally, a number of contemporary scholars have mentioned that the desertion of slavery had led to an increase in fhishah (adultery, fornication, etc.), because the shar' alternative to marriage is not available, so a man who cannot afford marriage to a free woman finds himself surrounded by temptation towards sin. In addition, many Muslim families who have hired maids to work at their homes, face the fitnah of prohibited khalwah (seclusion) and resultant zin occurring between the man and the maid, whereas if she were his concubine, this relationship would be legal. This again is from the consequences of abandoning jihd and chasing after the duny, wallhul-musta'n. May Allah bless this Islamic State with the revival of further aspects of the religion occurring at its hands. And all praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the worlds.

17

REPORT

THE BIRTH OF TWO NEW WILAYAT

After demolishing the Syrian/Iraqi border set up by the crusaders to divide and disunite the Muslims, and carve up their lands in order to consolidate their control of the region, the mujhidn of the Khilfah delivered yet another blow to nationalism and the Sykes-Picot-inspired borders that define it. The establishment of a new wilyah, Wilyat al-Furt, was announced this month by the Islamic State in an effort to eliminate any remaining traces of the kufri, nationalistic borders from the hearts of the Muslims. Wilyat al-Furt encompasses the city of Alb Kaml and its countryside, as well as the city of al-Q'im and its surrounding regions. Its announcement was followed by a military parade that was held for the purpose of celebrating the birth of the new wilyah, bringing joy to the hearts of the Muslims, and further enraging the kuffr and munfiqn. The establishment of the wilyah was accompanied by an initiative that bolstered the presence of the mujhidn in the wilyah in order to reinforce the region and strengthen the safety and

security of the Muslims. In addition to this, an effort was carried out by the General Services Committee to enhance and repair the region's infrastructure with projects aimed at restoring electricity, building irrigation networks in agricultural areas, and cleaning and repairing roads and highways. Just days after the announcement of Wilyat al-Furt, the Islamic State announced the establishment of a new wilyah in Iraq: Wilyat al-Falljah. Encompassing a region that includes the now-legendary city of al-Falljah, a city that became famous for its fierce resistance against American forces throughout the last decade, Wilyat al-Falljah continues to witness frequent and intense battles between the lions of the Islamic State and the safaw dogs of the crusaders. Just recently, the mujhidn succeeded in cleansing the Shuhad' neighborhood in Saqlwiyyah, driving out the safaw army in a humiliating defeat. May Allah continue to strengthen the Islamic State, and bring joy to the Muslims through its victories.

18

A CONVOY PARADES FOLLOWING THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF WILYAT AL-FURT

AWILLA-FYAUTRAT

dabiq

A CHECKPOINT TO PROTECT THE MUSLIMS OF THE NEW WILYAH

ISLAMIC POLICE IN THE NEW WILYAH

THE MARKET IN THE NEW WILYAH

19

REPORT
AWILLA-FYAATLLUJAH
OPERATION AGAINST THE SAFAWS IN THE SHUHAD' NEIGHBORHOOD OF SAQLWIYYAH

OPERATION AGAINST THE SAFAWS IN THE SHUHAD' NEIGHBORHOOD OF SAQLWIYYAH

20

OPERATION AGAINST THE SAFAWS IN THE SHUHAD' NEIGHBORHOOD OF SAQLWIYYAH

dabiq

TANOSARTAHL-EISLIASMLPALEDMGEISCALSLETGAIANTCEE

Praise be to Allah, and peace and blessings be upon the Messenger of Allah, and upon his family, and his companions and allies. As for what follows... The Muslims have continuously received one piece of good news after another since the announcement of the re-establishment of the blessed Islamic Khilfah. One of the most recent pieces of good news was that the group "Ansr al-Islam in Iraq", including both its leaders and its soldiers, has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. The bay'ah took place on the 29th of Shawwl, and was accompanied by the announcement that their banner would be dissolved, and that all their troops, weapons, and capabilities would be placed at the disposal of the Islamic State. This bay'ah comes at a time when the Islamic State is facing a growing list of enemies, and it further underscores the fact that the lines are being drawn and the camps of mn and kufr are both being cleansed. This will eventually lead to a camp of kufr with no trace of mn, and a camp of mn with no trace of hypocrisy, as per the statement of the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam). There will be no room to sit on the fence, and all parties will soon be forced to make a choice between the two. The soldiers of Ansr al-Islam have made their choice, and in doing so have exposed themselves to the enmity and hatred of the entire world for the sake of unifying the ranks of the mujhidn. We consider this a sign of their sincerity, and Allah is their judge. We ask Allah to keep them firm upon the truth. The following is an excerpt from Ansr al-Islam's last official announcement: 

ANSR AL-ISLAM GATHER WITH THEIR BROTHERS FOR BAY'AH

BROTHERS HUGGING AFTER THE FORMAL BAY'AH

21

REPORT
This bay'ah came after a number of gatherings and meetings held with the mashyikh of the Islamic State who clarified for us the legality of the Islamic State's mission with clear shar' and intellectual arguments. The last of these meetings was on the 29th of Shawwl, in which we pledged our allegiance both individually and in groups. Prior to this, it became clear to us that the Islamic State had a presence on the ground as a state with numerous institutions that could hold its weight in the region. This is the state that defeated the crusaders, broke the strength of the safaws, wiped out the apostate sahwt, and rubbed the faces of the secularist Kurds in the dirt. This is the state that opened the lands of Islam, brought an end to the artificial borders between the lands of the Muslims, broke the shackles of the prisoners, and freed the lions. This is the state that established the laws of Allah, carried out the hudd, set up the various administrative offices, and brought justice to the oppressed. This is the state that spread safety and security, and took up the responsibility of caring for the orphans and the needy. And we witnessed all this and more with our own eyes, and felt it with our own hands, so may Allah grant them the best of rewards on behalf of the Muslims.
22

dabiq

OMPIELRIATTAIORNYS
Even as it faces American, nusayr, and safaw aerial bombardment, the Islamic State continues to make further military gains on the ground as it carries out operations on numerous fronts.  In Wilyat ar-Raqqah, following the liberation of the Tabaqah Military Airbase at the hands of the Islamic State, the nusayr soldiers stationed in the airbase found themselves fleeing the onslaught of the mujhidn and subsequently fortifying themselves in a village nearby called "Al-`Ajrw." With Allah's permission, the mujhidn conducted an operation to liberate the village, and succeeded in killing numerous regime soldiers in the process.  In Wilyat al-Junb, the mujhidn of the Islamic State recently carried out an operation ­ "Ghazwat Duwaylbah" ­ in the area of Ysufiyyah, where they succeeded in assaulting a number of safaw headquarters, killing numerous safaws, and taking their vehicles and weapons as ghanmah.

TABAQAH
MILITARY AIRBASE
SOLDIERS OF THE NUSAYRIYYAH FLEE TABAQAH AIRBASE SOLDIERS OF THE NUSAYRIYYAH MARCHED TO THEIR DEATHS
AN AIRPLANE FROM THE WAR BOOTY OF THE OPERATION
23

REPORT
WILAYAT
AL-JUNUB
ATTACK ON A SAFAW MILITARY BASE IN YSUFIYYAH

24

AB ABDILLH AL-JAZRW CARRIES OUT A SHAHDAH OPERATION AGAINST A SAFAW MILITARY BASE

WILAYAT
AL-BARAKAH

dabiq

DEAD PKK APOSTATES KILLED BY ISLAMIC STATE SOLDIERS

Last month, the mujhidn of the Islamic State carried out a massacre against PKK soldiers in Jaza'ah, north of Wilyat al-Barakah, where they succeeded in killing over 100 PKK murtaddn. On the heels of this massacre came a lightning advance by the mujhidn from multiple directions, including Jarblus, Sirrn and Tal Abyad, towards the Syrian border city of `Ayn al-Islam (previously `Ayn al-Arab). Aerial bombardment from America and its coalition failed to hinder the advance, and after facing intense shelling and being locked in fierce urban combat with the mujhidn, the PKK/YPG murtaddn have been reduced to begging Turkey for support as the Islamic State is on the verge of liberating the city.

The Islamic State's onslaught against the PKK murtaddin in Shm was recently complimented by a successful assault on the peshmerga in the district of Dqq in Wilyat Kirkk, which resulted in dozens of their soldiers being killed. These are just a few examples of the many operations carried out in recent weeks and the numerous victories achieved by the Islamic State in both Iraq and Shm against an increasing list of enemies. And all praise is due to Allah for humiliating His enemies at the hands of the mujhidn of the Khilfah.

DEAD PKK APOSTATES KILLED BY ISLAMIC STATE SOLDIERS

25

REPORT
BOMBARDING PKK POSITIONS PKK POSITIONS ARE HIT
WKIIRLAKYUAKT

`AYN AL-ISLAM
COMBING VILLAGES FOR PKK FIGHTERS

26

DEAD PESHMERGA APOSTATES KILLED BY THE ISLAMIC STATE SOLDIERS IN DQQ

dabiq

IASWLAINDMOIWCINSTTOATTHEE
In the midst of a raging war with multiple fronts and numerous enemies, life goes on in the Islamic State. The soldiers of Allah do not liberate a village, town or city, only to abandon its residents and ignore their needs.
When the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) would depart the city of Madinah to lead a military expedition, he would appoint a deputy to remain in the city and look after the affairs of the Muslim families. So just as it was the tradition of the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) to ensure that his followers were being cared for in his absence, so too has it become the practice of the Khilfah to ensure that the needs of the Muslims are being met as much as possible, even in the midst of a fierce war and a relentless campaign by the crusaders to undermine the mission of the mujhidn.

THE BRIDGE BELOW FULLY REPAIRED

REPAIRING A BRIDGE IN AL-KHAYR

27

REPORT
RESTORING ELECTRICITY IN THE CITY OF AR-RAQQAH

The soldiers of the Islamic State came to the lands of jihd to fulfill their oath to Allah, sacrificing their lives and spilling their blood for His sake. And while they're eager to take part in the battle against kufr and its many faces in search of shahdah, they've come to understand that a state cannot be established and maintained without ensuring that a portion of the sincere soldiers of Allah look after both the religious and worldly affairs of the Muslims. So they've manned their administrative posts, and have set out to establish, support and maintain numerous institutions that the Muslims have come to rely on in their daily lives. In this report, we give you another glimpse into the many services provided by the Islamic State as it continues to strengthen and expand.

CANCER TREATMENT FOR CHILDREN IN NNAW

STREET CLEANING SERVICES

28

A CARE HOME FOR THE ELDERLY IN NNAW

dabiq

CANCER TREATMENT FOR CHILDREN IN NNAW
TSHEREVMICUESSLFIOMRS

STREET CLEANING SERVICES

29

WISDOM
NIYYAHGHANIMAH AND
Ab Ummah reported that a man came and said, "O Messenger of Allah, if a man battles for booty and fame, what does he get?" So Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) responded, "He will get nothing." He asked him the same question three times, and Allah's Messenger answered each time, "He will get nothing." He then said to him, "Indeed, Allah does not accept from the deeds except what has been made sincerely for Him whilst seeking His Face by the deed"
[HASAN: REPORTED BY AB DWD AND AN-NAS'].
30

dabiq

Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "A battalion of soldiers who battles f sablillh and gets its share of the booty receives in advance two thirds of their reward from the Hereafter and only onethird will remain (for the Hereafter). If they do not receive any booty,
they will get their full reward"
[SAHH MUSLIM, ON THE AUTHORITY OF `ABDULLH IBN `AMR].

3311

FEATURE

THERFEIFNLEACTLIOCNRSUOSNADE

INTRODUCTION

All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. May blessings and peace be upon His messenger, Muhammad, and upon his family and companions. As to what follows: History repeats itself by Allah's divine decree. This is the sunnah (established way) of Allah in His creation. {This is the sunnah of Allah with those who passed on before; and you will not find in the way of Allah any change} [Al-Ahzb: 62]. {This is the sunnah of Allah which has occurred before. And never will you find in the way of Allah any
change.} [Al-Fath: 23]. There is no escape from this divine decree.

It must happen and it certainly will. Since the collapse of the mushrikn in Arabia, Persia, and India at the hands of the Sahbah and the Tbi'n, the bulk of all jihd was against the cross-worshipping Romans with Shm playing an important role in all the wars between the Muslims and crusaders. And this will be the case until their tght cross is broken by the Mash `sa (`alayhis-salm). As this final crusade carries on and prior to its short pause followed by crusader treachery (whenever that occurs), it is important to reflect over a number of matters. We ask Allah to make us from the people of vision, not from a deaf, dumb, and blind people who do not understand.

32

dabiq

THE PROPHECIES REGARDING THE ROMAN CRUSADERS

Ab Hurayrah reported that Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "The Hour will not be established until the Romans land at al-A'mq or Dbiq (two places near each other in the northern countryside of Halab). Then an army from Madnah of the best people on the earth at that time will leave for them. When they line up in ranks the Romans will say, `Leave us and those who were enslaved from amongst us so we can fight them.' The Muslims will say, `Nay, by Allah, we will not abandon our brothers to you.' So they will fight them. Then one third of them will flee; Allah will never forgive them. One third of them will be killed; they will be the best martyrs with Allah. And one third will conquer them; they will never be afflicted with fitnah. Then they will conquer Constantinople. While they are dividing the war booty, having hung their swords on olive trees, Shaytn will shout, `The [false] Messiah has followed after your families [who were left behind.]' So they will leave [for their families], but Shaytn's claim is false. When they arrive to Shm he comes out. Then when they are preparing for battle and filing their ranks, the prayer is called. So `s Ibn Maryam (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) will descend and lead them. When the enemy of Allah sees him, he will melt as salt melts in water. If he were to leave him he would melt until he perished, but he kills him with his own hand, and then shows them his blood upon his spear" [Sahh Muslim]. Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "You will have a treaty of security with the Romans until you both fight an enemy beyond them. And you will be victorious, you will gain war booty, and you will achieve such without losses. Thereafter you will return until you lodge at a pastureland full of rocky mounds. A man from the Roman Christians will then raise the cross. He will say, `The cross has prevailed!' A man from the Muslims

will then say, `Rather Allah has prevailed,' and then he will angrily rise and crush the cross, which is not at a distance from him. Then the Romans will betray the treaty by rising against the breaker of the cross and striking his neck. The Muslims will then rise and rush to their arms. They will then battle. Allah will bless this party of Muslims with shahdah. The Romans will say to the Roman leader, `We are sufficient for you against the Arabs.' They will then gather for the Malhamah (the grand battle before the Hour). They will come for you under eighty banners, with each banner there will be twelve thousand people" [Sahh ­ reported by Imm Ahmad, Ab Dwd, Ibn Mjah, Ibn Hibbn, and al-Hkim on the authority of Dh Mikhmar].
33

FEATURE

`Abdullh Ibn Mas'd (radiyallhu `anh) said, "The Last Hour will not come until the people stop dividing inheritance and rejoicing over booty." Then he said, while pointing towards Shm, "An enemy shall muster strength against the Muslims and the Muslims will muster strength against them." Yusayr Ibn Jbir asked him, "You mean the Romans?" He said, "Yes, and there will be a great raddah (fleeing) and the Muslims will prepare a detachment for fighting unto death so that they may not return but victorious. They will fight until night will intervene between them; both sides will return without being victorious and the detachment will be wiped out. The Muslims will again prepare a detachment for fighting unto death so that they may not return but victorious. They will fight until night comes upon them; both sides will return without being victorious and the detachment will be wiped out. When it is the fourth day, a new detachment from the remnant of the Muslims will be prepared and Allah will decree that the enemy would be routed. And they will fight such a fight the like of which will not be seen (or which has not been seen), so much so that even if a bird were to pass their flanks, it would fall down dead before reaching the end of them. (After the battle), when relatives count each other, they will find that after being one hundred, only one man is left from them. So what can be the joy at the spoils of such war and what inheritance can be divided! While they are in this very state, they will hear of a calamity more horrible than this. And a cry will reach them, `The Dajjl has taken your place among your families.' They will, therefore, throw away what is in their hands and go forward sending ten horsemen as a scouting party. Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, `I know their names and the names of their fathers and the color of their horses. They will be the best horsemen on the surface of the earth on that day or amongst the
best horsemen on the surface of the earth on that day'" [Sahh Muslim].

These ahdth indicate that the Muslims will be at war with the Roman Christians. Rome in the Arabic tongue of the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) refers to the Christians of Europe and their colonies in Shm prior to the conquering of Shm at the hands of the Sahbah. There will be a pause in this war due to a truce or treaty. During this time, the Muslims and Romans will fight a common enemy. The fact that they fight a common enemy does not necessitate there is any form of military cooperation between them, as some of the hadth commentators have said, "Or [it means] you fight your enemy on your own while they fight their [same] enemy on their own" [Hshiyat as-Sind `Al Sunan Ibn Mjah]. This is closer to the teachings of the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam), who said, "I will not seek the aid of a mushrik" [Sahh Muslim]. In another wording, he (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "We do not seek the aid of a mushrik" [Imm Ahmad and Ibn Hibbn]. He (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) also said, "We do not seek the aid of the mushrikn against the mushrikn" [Hasan: reported by Imm Ahmad, al-Hkim, and others].

34

MAY ALLAH ACCEPT HIM

dabiq

Then the Romans will commit treachery by raising the cross and killing a Muslim. This will lead to the continuation of the war between the Muslims and the Romans. They will demand access to those who enslaved some of them or the former captives themselves who accepted Islam so as to fight them. This enslavement will have taken place either before the signing of the truce or after the treachery, and Allah

knows best. These events all lead up to the final, greatest, and bloodiest battle ­ al-Malhamah alKubr ­ between the Muslims and the Romans prior to the appearance of the Dajjl and the descent of al-Mash. This battle ends the era of the Roman Christians, as the Muslims will then advance upon Constantinople and thereafter Rome, to conquer the two cities and raise the flag of the Khilfah over them.

THE ISLAMIC STATE FOUNDERS ON SIGNS OF THE HOUR

From the certain conviction and optimism based upon husnudh-dhann billh, fiqh of the fitan and malhim, and living tawhd and jihd, are the words of the Islamic State leaders ­ Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw, Ab Hamzah al-Muhjir, and Ab `Umar al-Baghdd ­ may Allah accept them all. They knew that the efforts of the mujhidn in Iraq would lead up to the Malhamah ­ whenever it occurred. Shaykh Ab Mus'ab az-Zarqw (rahimahullh) said, "The spark has been lit here in Iraq, and its heat will continue to intensify ­ by Allah's permission ­ until it burns the crusader armies in Dbiq" [Ayna Ahlul Mur't]. Ab Hamzah al-Muhjir (rahimahullh) said, "As for you O knights of tawhd, monks of the night, lions of the jungle, may Allah reward you on behalf of us and the Muslims with every good. For I have seen war and its men, and I testify by Allah, I testify by Allah, that our ummah in the land of the two grand rivers (Iraq) did not skimp on bestowing its best sons and most truthful nobles upon us. For my eyes have not seen anyone like them, nor have I heard of anyone like them except for the first leading group of Muslims (the Sahbah). So I testify that they are the most truthful of people in speech, the most faithful to their promises, the most firm

of men, and the strongest in obeying Allah. I do not doubt for a moment ­ and Allah knows such ­ that we are the army that will pass on the banner to the slave of Allah the Mahd. If the first of us is killed, then the last of us will pass it on to him" [Sayuhzamul-Jam'u Wa Yuwallnad-Dubur]. Ab `Umar al-Baghdd (rahimahullh) said, "The Iraqi Jihd brought back life to jihd regions which had weakened a bit after their strength. It also prepared the path for attacking the Jewish State and retaking Baytul-Maqdis. It is as if I stand before the `as'ib (bands) of

35

FEATURE

Iraq that leave from here to give support to the Mahd whilst he holds on to the curtains of the Ka'bah" [Hasd as-Sinn].

Ibnul-Qayyim (rahimahullh) reported some of the firsah of his teacher Shaykhul-Islm Ibn Taymiyyah saying, "And I have witnessed amazing matters from the firsah of Shaykhul-Islm Ibn Taymiyyah ­ may Allah have mercy upon him. What I have not witnessed is much greater. If one were to collect the instances of his firsah it would require a huge volume."

"He informed his companions that the Tatr would enter Shm in the year 699, that the Muslim armies would be defeated, that Damascus would not experience a great massacre or large-scale enslavement, and that the thirst and rage of the army would be for wealth. And this was before the Tatr decided to advance."

This firsah (perception/insight) and deep understanding of the dn is as Ab `Umar al-Baghdd mentioned in his words, "O ummah of Islam, when we announced the Islamic State and said that it was a state of hijrah and jihd, we were not lying against Allah and thereafter against the people, nor were we talking about false dreams, rather, by the bounty of Allah ta'l, we are more capable of understanding Allah's sunnah in this jihd. This understanding is derived from the blood of the mujhidn amongst the muhjirn and ansr, after we witnessed their character and methodology with our eyes" [Hasd as-Sinn]. These words were written in the blood of those who spoke them, may Allah accept them. This type of certain conviction is hard for many people to comprehend, just like it was hard for the Muslims to understand the certainty and firsah of Shaykhul-Islm Ibn Taymiyyah (rahimahullh) during the wars against the Tatr. The hearts distant from the Qur'n, Sunnah, and thr of the Salaf find such firsah to be ridiculous, due to their attachment to materialism,
philosophy, and the innovations of the khalaf and mu'tazilah.

"He then informed the people and leaders in the year 702 when the Tatr advanced intending Shm that misfortune and defeat would befall the Tatr and that triumph and victory would be for the Muslims. He then swore upon this matter seventy oaths. It was said to him, `Say in sh'allh.' He would then say, `In sh'allh with certainty not reservation.' I heard him say this. He said, `When they kept bothering me with doubts, I told them to stop doing so and said Allah ta'l had written in al-Lawhul-Mahfdh (the Preserved Slate) that the Tatr would be defeated this time around and that victory was for the armies of Islam1 . And I made some of the leaders and soldiers aspire confidently for the sweetness of victory before they left to meet the enemy.'" "And his bold firsah during these two battles was like rainfall." "And when he was called to the lands of Egypt for the purpose of his execution after the oil pots were blaring for him and all matters were reversed against him, his companions gathered to bid him farewell. They said, `The messages indicating they plan to kill you are so numerous.' So he said, `Wallhi, they will never achieve such.' They said, `Will you be imprisoned?' He

_____________

36

1 If one were to make such statements of certainty regarding Allah's promise in our times, the ignorant claimants of knowledge would accuse him with severe deviance and heresy!

dabiq

said, `Yes, and my imprisonment will be long. Then I will leave prison and speak the Sunnah in front of the people.' I heard him say this." "When his enemy nicknamed Jshinkr assumed kingship and Shaykhul-Islm was informed of such, they told him, `Now he will achieve his plot against you.' So he prostrated out of gratitude to Allah and remained long in prostration. It was said to him, `What is the cause of this prostration?' He said, `This is the beginning of his humiliation and his departure from strength starts now. The end of his affair is near.' It was said to him, `When will it be?' He said, `The horses of the soldiers will not be tied to pegs until his

state is defeated.' And the matter occurred just as he said. I heard this from him. [...]" "And he told me of great matters that would occur in the future without giving specific dates. I have seen some of them pass and wait for the rest. As for what his senior companions have witnessed, then it is much more than what I've witnessed. And Allah knows best" [Madrij as-Slikn]. And after reading the above words of Shaykhul-Islm Ibn Taymiyyah, no one should be shocked to hear the conviction and certainty of the mujhidn leadership regarding Allah's promise and the Messenger's prophecies (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam).

SHAYKH `ADNANI'S WORDS ON THE CRUSADE

Shaykh Ab Muhammad al-'Adnn ash-Shm (hafidhahullh) said, "O soldiers of the Islamic State, be ready for the final campaign of the crusaders. Yes, by Allah's will, it will be the final one. Thereafter, we will raid them by Allah's permission and they will not raid us" [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful].

victory and consolidation. First, do not oppress anyone nor be content with oppression by being silent about it and not raising the matter to those in authority. Second, do not become conceited or arrogant. This is what we fear from you and fear for you" [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful].

And he said, "And so we promise you (crusaders) by Allah's permission that this campaign will be your final campaign. It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were broken and defeated, except that this time we will raid you thereafter, and you will never raid us. We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell your sons as slaves at the slave market" [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. And he said, "Therefore Allah will give you (soldiers of the Islamic State) victory. Indeed, Allah will give you victory. By Allah, Allah will give you victory. So guarantee for us two matters, and we will guarantee you by Allah's permission constant

"WE WILL CONQUER YOUR ROME"
And he said, "O Allah, make it their last crusader campaign, so that we raid them and they do not raid us" [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful].
He expresses without any doubt that if the mujhidn hold on to their covenant with their Lord while relying upon Him alone, then this weak, pitiful, and abortive crusade will be the final one encompassing the eventual truce and crusader treachery leading up to al-Malhamah al-Kubr, and Allah knows best.
37

FEATURE

THE CRUSADE SERVING IRAN AND RUSSIA

The odd alliance of Persia and Russia ­ two powers who for centuries were at war with the West ­ is an actuality one cannot deny. Regarding some battles of their ancient conflict, Allah ta'l revealed, {The Romans have been defeated in the nearest land. But they, after their defeat, will overcome [their enemy] within three to nine years. To Allah belongs the command before and after. And that day the believers will rejoice in the victory of Allah. He gives victory to whom He wills, and He is the Exalted in Might, the Merciful. [It is] the promise of Allah. Allah does not fail in His promise, but most of the people do not know} [Ar-Rm: 2-6].

And after centuries of Western conflict with Persia and Russia, we find that two Western leaders ­ Bush and Obama ­ are determined to do everything possible to strengthen Persian and Russian influence in the Middle East.

Regarding Bush's blunders, Shaykh Ab Hamzah al-Muhjir said, "I want to remind the fool who is obeyed by his people (Bush) that he was able in a very short period to revive the glory of the ancient Persian Empire. Thus, he became more ominous for his country than Gorbatchev was for his Union (the USSR). Bush enabled the spreading of Persian (Iranian) influence over Afghanistan after it had been a tough obstacle for the Persians. He seconded with Iraq and opened up its treasures for them while they had not dreamt of drinking a sip of its water. And now they suck up its oil, loot its treasures, and enslave its men. Third, he panicked its rfid nusayr tyrant ­ through an embargo upon Syria2 ­ into opening his country up to hundreds rather thousands of the Persians to nationalize themselves there and become supporters for the agent of the an-
ti-Christ Nasrullt who is called `Nasr Allah' and who just emerged from a so-called vic-
_____________

38

2 He is referring to the tght Bashar and the embargo on Syria under the leadership of Bush, which only hurt the Muslims of Shm while sparing the tght and his comrades of any real harm. May Allah ta'l bring about the destruction of the nusayriyyah upon the hands of the Islamic State.

dFaEATbURiqE

tory against the pinnacle of the Roman military machine (the Israeli military). And thus, the ancient Persian empire completed and expanded from Mawarannahr (Transoxiana) to Iran then through Iraq ­ the location of al-Mada'in (the imperial capital of Persia) ­ ending in Shm (Syria/Lebanon/Palestine). So do you think that the Magian Persians will ever be able to repay this fool ­ Bush ­ who revived their ancient glory for them without them shooting a single bullet or sacrificing a single soldier? And do you think that the reasonable of the Romans will realize that they have become slaves for the Persians and have become mercenary fighters who fight for them without pay" [Inil Hukmu Ill Lillh]. A number of Americans and Westerners have spoken about their ancient Iranian enemy and its allies ­ possibly the common enemy referred to by the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam). The Jewish crusader, former US Secretary of State and US National Security Advisor, Henry Kissinger, has said that, "in all the crises roiling the world, the U.S. shouldn't lose focus on Iran," as paraphrased by Scott Simon of NPR.

turers with a very aggressive ideology. But they have to conquer more and more territory before they can become a geo-strategic, permanent reality. I think a conflict with ISIS ­ important as it is ­ is more manageable than a confrontation with Iran" [NPR Interview]3. Again, his underestimation of the Islamic State is due to a materialist analysis believing that power is in weaponry and technology, forgetting that true power relies in the creed of tawhd, which liberates one from any fear save the fear of his Lord and grants him the support of his Lord. Therefore, Iran will never be "a bigger problem than ISIS" unless the West enters into a truce with the Islamic State involving the halt of all attacks against the Muslims.

MICHAEL SCHEUER

HENRY KISSINGER
Henry Kissinger also said, "There [has] come into being a kind of a Shia-belt from Tehran through Baghdad to Beirut. And this gives Iran the opportunity to reconstruct the ancient Persian Empire, this time under a Shia label. From a geo-strategic point of view, I consider Iran a bigger problem than ISIS. ISIS is a group of adven-
_____________

Former CIA Chief of "the Bin Laden Issue Station," Michael Scheuer, said, "For now, however, the beginning of wisdom is to look at what is going on in Iraq and Syria and see it clearly. In both places all of those folks that multiple US administrations have identified as enemies of America are killing each other. In Syria, the Assad regime, Iran, and Lebanese Hizballah are killing Sunni mujahedin from all over the world, as well as their local allies and supporters. In turn, the Sunni Islamists in Syria are killing Assad's troops, Iranian Revolutionary Guards, and Hizballah fighters. This is a perfect circumstance for the United States, all our enemies are killing each other and it is not costing us a cent or a life."

3 In the same interview this arrogant and cowardly Jew said, "I think when we're dealing with a unit like ISIS, we should not get into a position where they can lead us by establishing ground forces. But we should set strategic objectives where we thwart any goal they set themselves, which we should be able to do by superior air power. And then if we can enlist other countries or other more local groups to do the ground fighting, we might actually destroy them."

39

FEATURE

"Over in Iraq, we see much the same marvelous phenomena occurring. Multinational Sunni mujahedin and Saddam's former military personnel are fighting and killing Maliki's dictatorial regime, its Shia military forces, and their Iranian military supporters. And, as in Syria, Maliki and his gang are killing our Sunni Islamist enemies. In Iraq there also is the potential for a delightful bonus coming to fruition. If the United States stays out of the affair, the renewed war in Iraq may trigger a widespread Shia-vs-Sunni civil war in which our Muslim enemies ­ as they are defined by our bipartisan political elite ­ may begin to kill each other for a prolonged period and at unprecedented levels, and, again, at no cost to us in lives or dollars."
"So let us take both a deep breath and Lt. Col. Peters advice and sit back and watch what is going on in Syria and Iraq with equanimity and absolutely from the sidelines. Cheer for neither side, answer no one's call for help ­ especially not one from the near-frantic Neocons who now know they sank their beloved Israel with the 2003 invasion of Iraq ­ and pray that Obama does not cooperate with Iran to restore Maliki's Shia tyranny and thereby earn the eternal enmity of all of the Sunni world."
He also said, "What to do now? First, stay out of Iraq completely and utterly. To re-intervene would cost more American money and lives, and it would drive-up oil prices even faster. It also would amount not only to the United States again intervening in an oil-rich Muslim country, but intervening in a Sunni-Shia religious war on the side of the Shia, who are fiercely hated by the overwhelmingly Sunni Islamic world."
Although his words contain hope for the further killing of Muslims at the hands of the rfidah as the US watches with glee, he expresses a truth that should be reflected over and that is, why
does America bother itself in a war between two of its enemies and side with one of them in a manner that only serves its enemy's interests in the region and no one else's?
40

Obama now strengthens the Iraqi regime, which is undeniably backed by Iranian intelligence, military, and finances. Iranian Shia militias currently fight to "defend" Baghdad. The Iraqi regime and its Iranian founder have been one of the biggest allies of the Asad regime in Syria. They have sent fighters to the Abul-Fadl al-`Abbs battalion. The Asad air force has stopped all airstrikes against the Islamic State in a number of Shm wilyat, probably because it is cheaper for them to benefit from the US airstrikes on their behalf, especially since the Asad regime is collapsing financially and isn't very good at hitting targets accurately. At the same time, it has managed to "hide" chemical weapons from the West and use them without a deterrent. Hezbollah has sent guerillas to fight against Muslims in Iraq and Syria. The Houthis of Yemen ­ allies of Iran ­ have overrun Sanaa. Most significantly, Russia ­ Iran's biggest ally as well as an ally of China ­ has entered the Ukraine, which is supposedly claimed by the West. Russia continues to arm the Asad regime against the Muslims of Shm. They have boasted of their nuclear capabilities once again. And yet Obama insists upon strengthening "the Persian Crescent" and Russian influence in the region. It seems American leaders are blinded by their love of the Jewish state into doing things that only damage supposed Western interests.

dabiq

INEFFECTIVE PROXY WARS AND AIRSTRIKES

America ­ at its pinnacle moment of weakness and cowardice ­ reassured its people it would not enter into war directly on the ground against the Islamic State, but rather it would rely upon apostate proxies in the region. So who are the proposed proxies?

THE FSA

THE PKK

The PKK is a Marxist, nationalist, Kurdish organization. Their founder, Ocalan, is a Kurd from a family of nusayr practice. He formed the party, calling for the establishment of an independent, Marxist, Kurdish state. The party then formed the PYD, a front for the PKK in Shm. The PYD formed local committees inside Kurdish areas in coordination with the Asad regime. The Kurdish shabhah committees were tasked with targeting Kurdish Muslims who spoke out against Asad and protested against the nusayriyyah. The PKK is one of the biggest organizations responsible for narcotics trafficking in Europe. It is considered a "terrorist" organization by the crusaders ­ the US, EU, and their Turkish puppets. These "commies," "terrorists," and Asad regime supporters ­ composed of numerous flimsy female "fighters" ­ are being supported by US airstrikes in Shm. Despite the airstrikes and the supposedly lengthy war experience of PKK guerillas in Turkey, the Islamic State has expelled the PKK from most of their strongholds by Allah's power and might.

The FSA (Free Syrian Army) is a superficial grouping of loosely joined bands with a feeble central leadership based in Turkey. They have not achieved any major battlefield successes against the Asad regime since the collapse of the FSA and the rise of the so-called Islamists of the Islamic Front backed by l Sall and Qatar. Although the FSA claims to fight for a kufr ideology of democracy, there is no actual ideology for this "army" except theft and tobacco. For this reason, their fighters constantly switch alliances from the FSA to Dhawhir to the PKK ­ as was the case with the Jabhat Thuwwr ar-Raqqah. They have also repeatedly sold weaponry they received from Western and apostate donors for almost nothing to arms dealers. The Islamic State has bought a lot of this weaponry for appealingly cheap prices. Finally, this army has not yet been trained by the crusaders to fight mujhidn.

THE PESHMERGA

The Peshmerga were influenced for a long time

by the Marxist PUK until Berzani fully took con-

trol and gave these militias more "appeal."

During Berzani's rule, Kurdistan was developed

into the greatest killer of fighting spirit ­ a land

of desire and duny. Unlike the Peshmerga of

the past, their current fighters are fainthearted

mercenaries void of any creed who only wait

for their meagre wages. For this reason, the

Islamic State was able to drive them out of

Wilyat Nnaw easily.

41

FEATURE

What remains are the failed Iraqi Awakening Councils, the proposed Iraqi National Guard, which has yet to be formed and trained, and the dying "Islamic" Front. These undisciplined fighters are supposed to take out the soldiers of the Islamic State who receive hundreds of repentant volunteers daily from those disillusioned by the leadership of the Syrian Sahwah. So the cowardly crusaders are left without real ground troops and thus forced to rely fully on airstrikes allowing the Asad regime to pause from striking the Muslims of Shm. And yet, how effective are these airstrikes? The Islamic State expanded into `Aynul-Islam and regions of Wilyat al-Anbar and Baghdad in a manner unexpected by the West. `Aynul-Islam was the major focus of the Islamic State because it was determined the PKK would be the main ally of the crusaders in this stage of their crusade due to the supposed battle experience of PKK fighters and the purely secularist ideology of their party, one that considers the Jewish state to be an ally of any future Kurdish state. The crusader General Dempsey claims that the US needs a minimum of 15 thousand fighters on the ground to take territory from the Islamic State while the CIA claims the Islamic State
has 31,500 fighters who are growing daily! Secretary of Defense Hagel says their proxy fighters need to be filtered to make sure any weapons and aid sent by the US do not
42

end up in the hands of its enemies. Training of these forces will take a year to complete. So, until then, the failed airstrikes are the only war tool of the crusaders. According to Scheuer, the only time airstrikes alone succeeded in determining the end of a war was the airstrikes of Hiroshima and Nagasaki! Indeed, America has been caught once again in a quagmire.
HISTORY REPEATED
On "September 17, 2001" George W. Bush said, "This crusade, this war on terrorism, is gonna take a while. And the American people must be patient." Barack Obama followed his predecessor on "August 9, 2014" by saying the crusade against the Islamic State was "going to be a long-term project." But Obama was more hypocritical by saying that the Iraq war was a "dumb war," starting his presidency with a promise to end the Iraq war only to return from where his predecessor had left off, and sending troops to Iraq after promising not to send any. He then ordered airstrikes leading to the killing of Muslim men, women, and children in Iraq and Shm, granting his army the right to do such while claiming the killings of Foley, Sotloff, Haines, and Henning were unjustified! He achieved all this after receiving the hypocritical Nobel Peace Prize. And unlike Bush, his administration is divided about what war is and how it should be won. They do not even know whether or not they are at war! Yet all of them ­ including Bush ­ are as Allah ta'l described them, {They will not all fight you except within fortified cities or from behind walls. Their adversity among themselves is severe. You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse. That is because they are a people who do not reason} [Al-Hashr: 14].

dabiq

THE FADING GRAYZONE
Since the beginning of this crusade on the media frontline, self-styled jihadist ideologues and quasi-mujhidn have tried to position themselves in an area that is neither Islamic State nor Sahwah... only to be sucked into the trenches of the apostate media and religious scholarship of the Arab tawght. They even imitated the nusayriyyah and secularist opposition by labelling the Islamic State as "Daesh" and "Tandhm ad-Dawlah," in a manner precisely mimicking the satellite channels and palace scholars of l Sall and Qatar. One of the top "jihadist ideologues" presented a verdict entailing ways to confront the "extremism and takfr" of "Jam'at ad-Dawlah" matching those expressed by Obama, Chuck Hagel, Dempsey, and the US State Department. His suggestions included preventing financial and human resources from reaching the Islamic State as well as religiously delegitimizing the State in a manner US officials said "Muslim" scholars must do. And yet he and his likes claim they are neutral! It is as if they haven't read the verses of the Qur'n teaching us that the Jews and Christians fight the Muslims for their religion and that the more one is fought by them for his religion the closer he is to the path of the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam). {And never will the Jews or the Christians approve of you until you follow their religion. Say, "Indeed, the guidance of Allah is the [only] guidance." If you were to follow their desires after what has come to you of knowledge, you would have against Allah no protector or helper} [Al-Baqarah: 120]. {And they will continue to fight you until they turn you back from your religion if they are able. And whoever of you reverts from his religion [to disbelief] and dies while he is a disbeliever ­ for those, their deeds have become worthless in this world and the Hereafter, and those are the companions of the Fire, they will abide therein eternally} [Al-Baqarah: 217]. To paraphrase Shaykh Anwar al-Awlak (rahimahullh), if one wants to know the people of truth, then let him observe where the enemies' arrows

are aimed. Most of them ­ if not all ­ are now pointed at the Islamic State, its leaders, soldiers, and subjects.
This crusade against the Islamic State is the greatest testimony from Allah for the proper manhaj of this Khilfah. Anyone who says otherwise now should review his faith before death suddenly takes him while he stands with one foot in the trench of the crusaders and the other in the trench of the hypocrites whilst claiming he is in the grayzone! The mujhid knows no grayzone. As the liar Bush truthfully said, "Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists." Shaykh Usmah Ibn Ldin (rahimahullh) commented, "So the world today is divided into two camps. Bush spoke the truth when he said, `Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.' I.e. either you are with the crusade or you are with Islam. Bush today is in the frontline carrying a huge cross and treading. I swear by Allah the Great that everyone who treads behind Bush in his plan has apostatized from the religion of Muhammad (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam). This ruling is from the clearest of rulings in the Book of Allah and Sunnah of the Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam). The scholars have said this as I have mentioned before. The proof for this is the statement of Allah subhnah wa ta'l in which he addresses the believers saying, {O you who have believed, do not
43

FEATURE

take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are allies of one another. And whoever is an ally to them among you ­ then indeed, he is [one] of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people} [Al-M'idah: 51]. The people of knowledge said, `Whoever aligns with the kuffr has disbelieved.' The biggest form of alliance is support whether by statements, spears, or speech. So those who tread behind Bush in his crusade against the Muslims have disbelieved in Allah subhnah wa ta'l and His Messenger. [...] So I say to the Muslims, be wary very wary of allying with the Jews and Christians, and whoever has slipped by a word, then let him fear Allah, renew his faith, and repent from his deed. [...] Even if he supported them just by a single word. He who aligns with them by a single word falls into apostasy ­ extreme apostasy, wa l hawla wa l quwwata ill billh" [Interview ­ 4 Sha'bn 1422H].

YORUURSHSTTAOTESUOPMPOURSLTIM
At this point of the crusade against the Islamic State, it is very important that attacks take place in every country that has entered into the alliance against the Islamic State, especially the US, UK, France, Australia, and Germany. Rather, the citizens of crusader nations should be targeted wherever they can be found. Let the muwahhid not be affected by "analysis paralysis" and thus abandon every operation only because his wasws and "perfectionism" pushes him towards an operation that supposedly can never fail ­ one that only exists theoretically on paper. He should be pleased to meet his Lord even if with just one dead kfir's name written in his scroll of deeds, as the Prophet (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "A kfir and his killer will never gather in Hellfire" [Sahh Muslim].

Every Muslim should get out of his house, find a crusader, and kill him. It is important that the killing becomes attributed to patrons of the Islamic State who have obeyed its leadership. This can easily be done with anonymity. Otherwise, crusader media makes such attacks appear to be random killings.

Some of those claiming to be in the gray were quickly let down by the crusaders despite their constant ribt in the media and military trenches of l Sall and Qatar and their appeasement of the crusaders by the unconditional release of their prisoners in what was interpreted by US "intelligence" officers as an attempt at distancing themselves from Islamic State "extremism."

Secrecy should be followed when planning and executing any attack. The smaller the numbers of those involved and the less the discussion beforehand, the more likely it will be carried out without problems. One should not complicate the attacks by involving other parties, purchasing complex materials, or communicating with weak-hearted individuals. "Rely upon Allah and stab the crusader" should be the battle cry for all Islamic State patrons.

One with sincerity will realize that there is no grayzone in this crusade against the Islamic State, and that the world has split into two encamp-
ments, one for the people of faith, the other for the people of kufr, all in preparation for the final malhamah.

Finally, do not forget that Allah is with the Muslims and will never abandon them to His enemies. And the Islamic State will remain until its banner flies over Rome.

44

dabiq
TINHTHEE WEONREDSMOYF
On Tuesday "September 16, 2014," the American crusader and Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel testified before the US Senate Armed Services Committee in support of the crusade ­ headed by Barack Obama ­ against the Islamic State. Hagel had the following to say:
45

THE ENEMY'S WORDS
ISIL poses a real threat to all countries in the Middle
"East, our European allies and to America. In the last few months, the world has seen ISIL's barbarity up close as its fighters advanced across western and northern Iraq and slaughtered thousands of innocent civilians, including Sunni and Shia Muslims and Kurdish Iraqis and religious minorities. ISIL's murder of two US journalists outraged the American people and exposed to the world the depravity of ISIL's ideology and tactics. Over the weekend, we saw ISIL's murder of a British citizen. ISIL now controls a vast swath of eastern Syria and western and northern Iraq including towns and cities in all these areas. ISIL has gained strength by exploiting the civil war in Syria and sectarian strife in Iraq. And it has seized territory across both countries and acquired significant resources and advanced weapons. ISIL has employed a violent combination of terrorist, insurgent and conventional military tactics. ISIL has been very adept at deploying technology and social media to increase its global profile and attract tens of thousands of fighters. Its goal is to become the new vanguard of a global extremist movement and establish an extremist Islamic caliphate across the Middle East. It considers itself the rightful inheritor of Osama bin Laden's legacy. While ISIL clearly poses an immediate threat to American citizens in Iraq and our interests in the Middle East, we also know that thousands of foreign fighters, including Europeans and more than 100 Americans have travelled to Syria. With passports that give them relative freedom of movement, these fighters can exploit ISIL's safe haven to plan, coordinate and carry out attacks against the United States and Europe. Although the intelligence community has not yet detected specific plotting against the US homeland, ISIL has global aspirations. And as President Obama has made clear, ISIL's leaders have threatened America and our allies. If left unchecked, ISIL will directly threaten our homeland and our allies.
46

dabiq
A MESSAGE FROM SOTLOFF TO HIS MOTHER
DAYS BEFORE HIS EXECUTION
Below you will read the message sent from Steven Sotloff to his mother days before his execution. Again, his killing was the consequence of US arrogance and transgression which all US citizens are responsible for as they are represented by the government they have elected, approved of, and supported, through votes, polls, and taxes. The case of Steven Sotloff contains a direct refutation against those who portray western journalism and humanitarian aid as purely innocent, for this man was a Jew and citizen of the Jewish state. In addition to his work for crusader media including TIME, National Interest, Foreign Policy, the Christian Science Monitor, and the Long War Journal, he also "freelanced" for two Jewish publications ­ the Jerusalem Report and the Jerusalem Post. The war against Islam for the sake of tght is a media war as well as a military and intelligence struggle. It is not surprising then to know that dozens of specialists were employed to hide his Jewish identity from the world prior to his execution. This intelligence operation was done in cooperation with the Jewish state and media. So let the weak-hearted and sick-hearted wake up before defending these "innocent civilians."

SOTLOFF'S ISRAELI PASSPORT REPORTED BY JEWISH MEDIA

47

SPECIAL
To Mom, I do not have much time and will probably not get this opportunity again, so I would like to get straight to the point. Your recent public video of pleading to the Caliphate not to kill me has been received loud and clear by them. However, this in itself is not enough to save me. Although I've been informed that the aerial campaign in Iraq has been halted, which at the moment has given me breathing room thanks be to God, I believe it looks like it's not enough Mom because Obama's recent decision to fly spy drones over Syria in the Islamic State's airspace is only aggravating and infuriating my captors further. This is obviously because the US government is interfering yet again in the affairs of the Islamic State. As for me being a journalist, they know this. I've repeatedly told them this, but like they always say, do US airstrikes differentiate between those who are armed and those who are unarmed? Likewise they don't. Beseeching the Caliphate to spare my life will not help either of us, as the matter is in Obama's next judgment. As you and the world have plainly seen in the recent video, the message was my life depends on Obama's next decision. Mom, please don't let Obama kill me. Do not let him get away with murder again. What doesn't our government understand? Don't get involved in the Islamic State's internal and external affairs. Leave them to fight their own war. Mom, you can still save my life, just like the families of my previous cellmates who I'm sure you've met. Pressure our government to not involve themselves in the affairs of these people. At the rate that Obama's administration is going, this could very well be the last you hear from me. Please don't let that be the case. Fight for me. I love you.
[End of Message]
48

dabiq

da
"ASFORMEBEINGAJOURNALIST,THEYKNOWTHIS.I'VEREPEATEDLYTOLDTHEMTHIS, BUTLIKETHEYALWAYSSAY,DOU.S.AIRSTRIKESDIFFERENTIATEBETWEENTHOSEWHO
AREARMEDANDTHOSEWHOAREUNARMED?LIKEWISETHEYDON'T."
(STEVEN SOTLOFF)

Around midnight on Sunday, "the 14/15th of September 2014," the crusaders trailed a caravan of vehicles transporting the families (women and children) of Islamic State soldiers from Wilyat al-Barakah to Wilyat Nnaw. The women and children abandoned the vehicles near Sinjar after noticing that the caravan was being followed by US warplanes and drones. They then took shelter in nearby houses. After some of the vehicles were struck next to them, a number of the women got scared and fled from one of

the houses. They were then struck down by the crusader jets. The crusaders justify such actions for themselves ­ alone ­ under the pretense of "collateral damage" while denouncing others for "terrorism." Nine women and five children were killed in this transgression. By Allah, their blood will not be forgotten... The following are pictures of the US massacre of the Muslim families on "the 14/15th of September" supposedly to preserve American "interests."

49

SPECIAL
50

dSaPECbIAiLq

Sotloff was executed in retaliation for the numerous Muslims killed in Iraq by the US. American airstrikes similarly killed the Muslim families on "September 15th" after Sotloff's death.

51

SPECIAL
HARD TALK
THE REAL STORY BEHIND MY VIDEOS
John Cantlie

Forgive me in advance, but there are many references to myself in the following article. I dislike talking about myself, it appears arrogant, but it's my voice and words being analyzed by journalists following the release of videos shot by the Islamic State. And to put things into perspective, I have to tell parts of my story. One observation is that the videos are scripted, and that perhaps I have no choice in the content. This is not true. The mujahidin suggest initial titles, I write the scripts, hand them over for any copy changes that need to be made and the videos are shot. It's all very fast ­ the first eight videos were written, approved and filmed in just 12 days ­ but
the mujahidin are like that. In quick, get the job done, move on to the next task.
52

When your brain has had nothing to work on for two years except basic survival, and is suddenly put onto centre stage in front of the world's media, it's a shock to the system. Nothing, nothing, kablam! You're on. I was used to working for the news before, not being the news, and it's very different. Every word you say is examined, especially if you're in my situation. So to really understand the content of the films, and why I say what I sometimes say, you need to appreciate the story behind the scenes. As a friend, once said to me, I am nobody going nowhere. I am just a man in a dark room with a mattress on the floor. It is clean and comfortable; for a man in my position, it is enough. Four of my cellmates have already

dabiq

been executed by the Islamic State in the most visceral way possible after the British and American governments apparently made a joint decision not to discuss terms for our release with our captors. And now, unless something changes very quickly and very radically, I await my turn. Such an environment forces the mind to change. I've had to become pretty tough inside, sometimes just to get through each day. The Sheikh who originally captured James Foley and me back in November 2012 said, "to go through this you will need a heart of stone." And he was right. I try to stay very calm, tolerant and accepting of my situation. Muslims call it `Qadr Allah,' the will of God, who determines everything in advance. I am thankful for any comfort I receive and for every plate of food I get. It hasn't been an easy road, and some of us had a bumpy ride. Once we were finally put into general population with dozens of European prisoners, we had to watch them all go home to their loved ones while we, the British and Americans, were left behind. That was a bitter pill to swallow, but nothing compared to what came next. Now I've had to watch as James, Steven Sotloff, David Haines and Alan Henning walked out of the door, one every two weeks since August 18th, never to return, knowing they were going to be killed and going to their deaths. And now they're gone, their faces and deaths plastered all over the world's headlines, four foolish policy victims. What does that do to a man? After enduring years of pain, darkness and regret, to see it all end in such a ghastly way when everyone else went home, to see ordinary guys, family men, loving fathers killed because their governments wouldn't negotiate because of `policy,' wouldn't even discuss options for saving them with their families ­ can you begin to imagine how that feels? This wasn't a fateful soul taken at random, it was individuals missing for years in one of the most high-profile hostage crisis seen in modern history, with dozens

of witnesses who had gone home testifying they were alive and could be helped. I believe even the mujahidin were genuinely surprised at how easily our countries left us for dead. We'd come all this way, putting one foot in front of the other, supporting one another when it got tough, praying together every day. We used to call it the Dead Zone when things got bad, after the area Everest climbers face above 26,000 feet as they approach the summit, when every step is agony, when they hardly have enough strength to carry on. We never gave up hope that our nations would negotiate for our release. But all that time, we never knew that the decision regarding our fate had been made months beforehand in Washington and Whitehall. We never knew that our families, for whom it was like being locked up in prison with us, were being blanked by the governments or being told there was nothing they could do. We never knew that the families were left to themselves to try anything and everything, while the men in charge folded their arms and offered their sympathies.
53

SPECIAL

What does that do to a man? It makes you deeply upset at such gross injustice. That's for sure. I am not in possession of all the facts, and of course, I am biased. But how the head of state of any country could sit and watch us die here like this, then criticize their NATO partners for getting their people home seems utterly ruthless. Since when has not wanting to see your citizens executed in front of the world's media been an act of weakness?
America has paid ransoms and exchanged prisoners for hostages held by terrorist groups before. Just this year there was the release of Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl in Afghanistan, who was exchanged for no less than five high-level prisoners out of Guantanamo. Britain has also paid ransoms and exchanged prisoners for hostages with known terror groups. In 1991 Terry Waite finally came home for a ransom of around $5 million, while a clandestine prisoner exchange took place with the Kosovo Liberation Army. That was in 1994, I believe. But not us.
Somehow we slipped through every safety net, every policy change, and ended up on the floor of what will surely go down as one of the worst hostage disasters of recent times. Yes, America tried to `rescue' us, but instead of spending all those millions of dollars sending ninja commandos in stealth helicopters and risking countless more lives like it was some Hollywood action movie, wouldn't it have been safer and wiser to have just discussed options for prisoner exchange in the first place? Even if nothing could have been agreed, surely it was worth discussing with the Islamic State. What possible harm could come from negotiations? I will never understand why we were deemed so expendable, but that doesn't really matter now.
To watch your friends die the way they did when there seemed so much that could have been done to prevent it at a political level has been extremely difficult. I expected the hardest
54

knocks to come from inside these prison walls, not outside, and it's almost torn me in two. Britain is a small country, an island nation with old traditions that used to mean something. Now? I don't know. It's not until you get into a situation as extreme as this that you start to doubt everything you thought you ever knew. Here in prison, we'd lived inside an absolute vacuum for two years. Of the outside world, I knew nothing. The most complicated piece of apparatus I'd handled was occasionally opening a can of processed meat; now there's something called an iWatch. Then we started work on these videos and as part of the research process, I was allowed to read news downloads on the impending war in Iraq and Syria, and on our particular situation. And the more I read, the deeper it cut. I was so devastated to read about the lack of support for the families involved in our case that I wanted to make my voice heard on the matter. "We had to find a way through this on our own," Diane Foley told reporters. Having watched Obama's address to the nation on September 10th, I was appalled at the way the names of my dead friends were used to beat the drums of war, like they were being used to incite the public into supporting military action. I watched Steven's mother making a televised plea to the Islamic State to spare her son after her government declined to discuss anything with her, and read how Diane Foley was threatened with `funding terrorism' charges as she tried to raise a ransom. I read emails from the mothers who'd sent letters to the President begging for help, and another where they'd directly contacted the family of one of the Muslim prisoners wanted in exchange for us to see if there was anything, anything they could do. I learned about the failed rescue attempt, how our chances of survival were rated as so low that it was considered the best option. "The intelligence was a bit stale, but you couldn't not give it a swing," said a spokesman.

dSaPECbIAiLq

It was as if our lives and the lives of our families were just a game of baseball. And here's the thing: if our countries had just talked to the mujahidin, our chances of survival wouldn't have been low at all. The pain and indignation of learning all of this was indescribable. Everything we'd based our belief on had been an illusion.

secutive beheadings of their countrymen in 2014, so why was this allowed to happen? The Islamic State is not some bunch of guerillas or gangsters. They have 32,000 fighters, tanks, missile system, law courts, a police force and they control the second largest city in Iraq. Surely they must be considered large enough and serious enough for any politician to deal with.

It was within this context that the videos were filmed, and I used my voice to speak out against what I had seen. I was startled at what I'd learned, deeply hurt and realized I was desperately naďve. That we'd all been. I knew we were not important people, not special in any way. We'd found ourselves into a real bad spot and desperately needed help but I couldn't grasp how we were just considered an irritant to two of the most influential countries in the world, when all the European leaders engaged in discussions that ensured the safe return home of their people. Having chosen not to negotiate, our politicians must have known we'd be executed, yet it was decided that if the rescue didn't work (and they're always a last-gasp option) then that was okay. Better we were beheaded one by one than talk to our captors. If that is policy, it's insanity.

To my darling wife, my friends in the media and my family: let our political leaders know it doesn't have to be this way. Our political leaders have the power, if they choose to change things. For now, I am still alive, but at some point in the near future, the mujahidin will surely run out of patience. Just ask our government to talk. That's all. Open a channel and negotiate with the Islamic State like the others did. If nothing is possible to agree on, then fine, but it cannot compromise policy to open a dialogue. Death holds no fear over me; I have lived beneath its wings for a long time. But if that is to be my final destination, I would rather look it in the face knowing this was a fair fight and not a hollow capitulation.

I never told the others what I'd learned while they were still alive. I'd been moved to my small cell and had chosen to stay, so couldn't talk to them anyway. I find the close confines of the walls stop my mind wandering too far and I can focus more, keep myself in check in my solitude. It was probably better the others didn't know. Such a litany of anguish would only have filled them with fear and anger.

The mujahidin have kindly given me a voice the others never had. I don't know why I deserved such a privilege, but I'd use that voice to say this:

Please don't allow these deaths to fade quietly into the night ­ there is more to this than meets the eye. The public have no appetite for con-

55

Allah's Messenger (sallallhu `alayhi wa sallam) said, "You will have a treaty of security with the Romans until you both fight an enemy beyond them. And you will be victorious, you will gain war booty, and you will achieve such without losses. Thereafter you will return until you lodge at a pastureland full of rocky mounds. A man from the Roman Christians will then raise the cross. He will say, `The cross has prevailed!' A man from the Muslims will then say, `Rather Allah has prevailed,' and then he will angrily rise and crush the cross which is not at a distance from him. Then the Romans will betray the treaty by rising against the breaker of the cross and striking his neck. The Muslims will then rise and rush to their arms. They will then battle. Allah will bless this party of Muslims with shahdah. The Romans will say to the Roman leader, `We are sufficient for you against the Arabs.' They will then gather for the Malhamah (the grand battle before the Hour). They will come for you under eighty banners, with each banner there will be twelve thousand people"
[Sahh: reported by Imm Ahmad, Ab Dwd, Ibn Mjah, and Ibn Hibbn on the authority of Dh Mikhmar].

